<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<xwikidoc version="1.1">
  <web>IRC</web>
  <name>ccmArchive20130421</name>
  <language />
  <defaultLanguage />
  <translation>0</translation>
  <creator>XWiki.sdumitriu</creator>
  <creationDate>1366518449000</creationDate>
  <parent>IRC.WebHome</parent>
  <author>XWiki.sdumitriu</author>
  <contentAuthor>XWiki.sdumitriu</contentAuthor>
  <date>1366600444000</date>
  <contentUpdateDate>1366600444000</contentUpdateDate>
  <version>1.523</version>
  <title>IRC Archive for channel #ccm on 21 April 2013</title>
  <comment>Logging from IRC</comment>
  <minorEdit>true</minorEdit>
  <syntaxId>plain/1.0</syntaxId>
  <hidden>false</hidden>
  <content>&lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
00:59 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
02:54 &lt;anuja> has joined #ccm
03:04 &lt;anuja> Hi marta
03:30 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
03:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:39 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
04:07 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:53 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:00 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:13 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:18 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:25 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
05:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:36 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:43 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:48 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:52 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:56 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:59 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> hey marta
06:01 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
06:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
06:51 &lt;qwebirc47023> has joined #ccm
07:11 &lt;LAKHAN> has joined #ccm
07:12 &lt;LAKHAN> can anyone tell me where should i post my idea for gsoc 2013??
08:15 &lt;lakhan> has joined #ccm
08:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
08:25 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> lakhan, Talk to mentors ,they should be available tomorrow
08:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Decide on some idea
08:26 &lt;lakhan> hello
08:26 &lt;lakhan> ya tell me
08:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Decide on some idea
08:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> And discuss it with mentors
08:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> in the mean time go through phenotips.org/community
08:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> There you would find some useful content
08:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> download the source code
08:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and build it
08:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> If you need help let me know would help you as much as I can
08:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> or wait till tomorrow :)
08:27 &lt;lakhan> okay
08:27 &lt;lakhan> thnx for the help
08:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> First step for GSOC should be downloading and understanding the current codebase
08:28 &lt;lakhan> vl u  b available here all day??
08:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So do that
08:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Mostly
08:28 &lt;lakhan> okay
08:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> drop a message here
08:28 &lt;lakhan> hw long r u working on the projects?
08:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> As in ?
08:29 &lt;lakhan> means hw many months or weeks??
08:29 &lt;lakhan> i mean this project
08:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Not long
08:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> 2 weeks
08:31 &lt;lakhan> oh so you know the code
08:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Kind of not that much
08:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> What languages do you use ?
08:32 &lt;lakhan> tel me once i fork this what shld i do nxt
08:32 &lt;lakhan> from the github?
08:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> clone the code on your computer
08:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Have you used git before ?
08:33 &lt;lakhan> yup
08:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Go through the build instructions
08:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> And build the code
08:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Do you know Java ?
08:35 &lt;sdumitriu> has joined #ccm
08:36 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu, Good morning :)
08:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Hi
08:36 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> lakhan, in readme of github build instructions are given , try to build the code
08:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu, Help me  I am stuck
08:39 &lt;sdumitriu> OK, what's going on?
08:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> #__displayIfNotEmpty('indication_for_referral') Calls the display and label function
08:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> __label set the lable
08:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and __display() for the field
08:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> ${doc.display($propName)} gives an input area i.e WYSIWYG box
08:41 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I cant figure that out why 2 instances being displayed
08:41 &lt;sdumitriu> OK, here's what's wrong
08:42 &lt;sdumitriu> Every call to $doc.display(textarea property) registers a WYSIWYG instance for that field
08:42 &lt;sdumitriu> Even if the output of $doc.display isn't printed
08:42 &lt;sdumitriu> Does that help?
08:43 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
08:44 &lt;kushalk124> has joined #ccm
08:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ohh
08:46 &lt;lakhan> has joined #ccm
08:50 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
08:51 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,
08:51 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Now I get it
08:52 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So now it seems to be fixed
08:53 &lt;lakhan> hello sir
08:53 &lt;sdumitriu> Hi lakhan
08:53 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,  so this should be ok ? (% class="displayed-value"%)((( ${doc.display($propName)})))
08:54 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> (% class="displayed-value"%)${doc.display($propName)}##
08:54 &lt;lakhan> i wanted to work on a project :Mobile Web interface for PhenoTips
08:55 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalkhandelwal: Nope, the #if must stay there, but the condition must be different
08:57 &lt;lakhan> Sir i am new here
08:58 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hmm
08:58 &lt;lakhan> @sdumitriu:can you guide me what should i do?
08:58 &lt;sdumitriu> lakhan: OK, I've read your email
08:58 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> What case we are checking here ?
08:59 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalkhandelwal: Same as __displayIfNotEmpty
08:59 &lt;lakhan> sdumitriu:Thank you sir.
08:59 &lt;sdumitriu> Don't call me sir
08:59 &lt;lakhan> ok
09:00 &lt;lakhan> the main thing is i was immobilized for past 4 months
09:00 &lt;lakhan> and i just came across your project
09:00 &lt;lakhan> and i would like to contibute in it
09:01 &lt;sdumitriu> So, the first thing to do is to try and run the project
09:01 &lt;sdumitriu> Get the sources, build, run, play with it
09:01 &lt;lakhan> ok
09:01 &lt;sdumitriu> So that you get a better idea of what PhenoTips does
09:02 &lt;lakhan> I have forked the project from github
09:02 &lt;sdumitriu> Then you have to start thinking about the project, like what do you think needs to be done, how, and how much time do you think that would take
09:02 &lt;sdumitriu> Then start writing the application template
09:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So we keep the same condition in display
09:03 &lt;sdumitriu> Since the student registration opens tomorrow, you'll be able to apply already, and mentors can give further feedback so that you can improve the application
09:03 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalkhandelwal: Yes
09:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Check if we have the edit mode on
09:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> as in action is edit
09:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> else we display -
09:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Why does every call  register an instance of WYSIWYG ?
09:04 &lt;sdumitriu> lakhan: To improve your chances of acceptance, you should stay on the IRC channel, and try to send a few pull requests
09:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Like kushalkhandelwal is doing
09:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> :)
09:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I guided him when you were not there
09:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> lakhan, You tried building the source ?
09:05 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes, helping others is also a +
09:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yep , open source community :)
09:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> helping each other is a must I say
09:05 &lt;sdumitriu> Indeed
09:06 &lt;lakhan> Kushalkhandelwal: Yes I have forked it and i will try to play around with it
09:06 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu, Why does every call  register an instance of WYSIWYG ?
09:06 &lt;lakhan> Sdumitriu: Okay,I will do as you said
09:06 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I went through the entire code today , case by case tried it
09:07 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Was able to deduce what calls what
09:07 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalkhandelwal: Since the WYSIWYG is rich in JavaScript, while most other types of fields just output some HTML, displaying a WYSIWYG field registers that a WYSIWYG instance should be activated
09:07 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
09:07 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:08 &lt;sdumitriu> Breakfast time, ttyl
09:09 &lt;kushalk124> Ok :) I will make a PR
09:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:36 &lt;froggy> has joined #ccm
09:37 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
10:00 &lt;lakhan> has left #ccm
10:19 &lt;lakhan> has joined #ccm
10:34 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu: there ?
10:34 &lt;sdumitriu> Nope
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> :P
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> busy ?
10:35 &lt;sdumitriu> I was just checking what the ---- looks like
10:35 &lt;sdumitriu> It's good
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> :)
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> I was going through the code and the page
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> it looked cluttered so
10:35 &lt;kushalk124> a small fix
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Yep
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Anyway
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu> You shouldn't mix different things in the same commit
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Here's a trick:
10:37 &lt;sdumitriu> git add --interactive
10:37 &lt;kushalk124> A small fix so added in the same
10:37 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm
10:37 &lt;kushalk124> Would keep a note of that next time.
10:38 &lt;sdumitriu> (try git add --interactive when you actually have changes
10:38 &lt;kushalk124> if ("$!activeFields.contains('age_of_onset')" != 'false' Why we have this ?
10:38 &lt;kushalk124> Next time would try it for sure
10:41 &lt;sdumitriu> It's because we want to be able to customize which fields are enabled for each installation
10:42 &lt;sdumitriu> Not every hospital/research project need all those fields
10:42 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
10:42 &lt;kushalk124> So some field would be common
10:43 &lt;kushalk124> Some would depend on hospital
10:43 &lt;kushalk124> So indication_for_referral would be optional ?
10:47 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
10:47 &lt;sdumitriu> Click on the Administration link on the top left menu
10:48 &lt;sdumitriu> Then choose Database and form configuration from the left
10:48 &lt;sdumitriu> Here's where you can disable fields
10:49 &lt;sdumitriu> Another tip: you can write #{else}-#{end} if you don't want extra whitespace in there
10:50 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm .. Ok
10:51 &lt;kushalk124> I had to put a space over there
10:52 &lt;kushalk124> Should i change it ?
10:52 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
11:04 &lt;kushalk124> if ("$!activeFields.contains('indication_for_referral')" != 'false' also ?
11:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Probably not, let's ask marta
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu> She says yes
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu> So, yes it is
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu> But
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu> Don't commit in the same pull request
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu> That's a different issue
11:07 &lt;kushalk124> Yes
11:07 &lt;kushalk124> would open a  new issue for that
11:18 &lt;kushalk124> Corrected white space error
11:18 &lt;kushalk124> opened a new issue
11:18 &lt;kushalk124> Is the commit fit to merge ?
11:18 &lt;sdumitriu> Perfect
11:19 &lt;kushalk124> Tell me one thing
11:20 &lt;kushalk124> i should merge this issue in my local repo master before  the fix
11:20 &lt;kushalk124> ?
11:28 &lt;kushalk124> Sent PR
11:28 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:
11:31 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Yes
11:31 &lt;kushalk124> Opened a new issue
11:32 &lt;kushalk124> and sent a PR for that
11:32 &lt;kushalk124> I should have merged it ?
11:35 &lt;sdumitriu> See my comment on the code
11:35 &lt;kushalk124> Oops a mistake
11:35 &lt;kushalk124> was copying the changes from repo
11:35 &lt;kushalk124> Wait
11:35 &lt;sdumitriu> Copying how?
11:35 &lt;sdumitriu> You'll learn
11:35 &lt;sdumitriu> That's what GSoC is about
11:35 &lt;kushalk124> Copying as in
11:36 &lt;kushalk124> edited on the WebUI
11:36 &lt;kushalk124> and was putting in my editor
11:36 &lt;kushalk124> Need to learn a lot
11:36 &lt;kushalk124> I guess
11:38 &lt;lakhan> has left #ccm
11:46 &lt;kushalk124> Issue #390 ? That is done ?
11:46 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:
12:13 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: To merge upstream changes you need to do:
12:13 &lt;sdumitriu> git remote add upstream https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips.git
12:13 &lt;sdumitriu> (only once, to register the upstream repo)
12:13 &lt;sdumitriu> git pull --rebase upstream
12:13 &lt;sdumitriu> (every time when there are changes upstream)
12:15 &lt;sdumitriu> #390 I think is done
12:15 &lt;sdumitriu> I'm supposed to check that nothing is broken, but with so many students it's hard to find time for actual work...
12:16 &lt;sdumitriu> The other issues, I'm working on them
12:17 &lt;kushalk124> So everytime i should rebase
12:17 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
12:18 &lt;kushalk124> Will keep a track if I also find something broken
12:18 &lt;kushalk124> Which issues ?
12:18 &lt;sdumitriu> https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues?milestone=5&amp;state=open
12:18 &lt;kushalk124> I was also looking at the milestone also
12:19 &lt;sdumitriu> I was supposed to release it yesterday, but it's been a very busy week...
12:19 &lt;kushalk124> Issue 375
12:19 &lt;kushalk124> Distribution wizard ?
12:19 &lt;sdumitriu> Hehe
12:20 &lt;kushalk124> You done with the milestone ?
12:20 &lt;sdumitriu> That's harder to fix since it requires changing stuff in XWiki
12:20 &lt;sdumitriu> But I've fixed it locally, just have to push
12:20 &lt;kushalk124> What is Distribution wizard ?
12:20 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh nice :)
12:20 &lt;sdumitriu> The distribution wizard is not something you should see often
12:21 &lt;sdumitriu> It's triggered when upgrading between two stable versions
12:21 &lt;sdumitriu> Like from 1.0-milestone-3 to 1.0-milestone-4
12:21 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
12:22 &lt;sdumitriu> Since the application itself and the actual wiki content are in two different places, upgrade means:
12:22 &lt;sdumitriu> 1. Upgrade the application files on the filesystem
12:22 &lt;sdumitriu> 2. Upgrade the contents of the database
12:23 &lt;sdumitriu> 2. is done by the distribution manager, which can do a 3-way merge between the previous version, the new version, and the actual file in the database
12:24 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm
12:24 &lt;kushalk124> Disribution manager is ?
12:24 &lt;kushalk124> Maven ?
12:24 &lt;sdumitriu> Nope
12:24 &lt;sdumitriu> http://localhost:8080/bin/distribution/XWiki/Distribution?
12:25 &lt;sdumitriu> But it's going to be broken on your instance, since you're not actually upgrading anything
12:25 &lt;kushalk124> Yes it is broken
12:37 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Did you start preparing the GSOC application?
12:37 &lt;sdumitriu> Ah, I have a small issue
12:37 &lt;kushalk124> I have to had made a rough draft before
12:38 &lt;kushalk124> ?
12:39 &lt;sdumitriu> https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues/397
12:41 &lt;kushalk124> I was looking at this one also https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues/187
12:49 &lt;sdumitriu> Oh, #187 is big
12:50 &lt;sdumitriu> Some minor improvements are possible
12:50 &lt;sdumitriu> But the whole issue could be a whole GSoC project
12:50 &lt;sdumitriu> Actually that's a good idea, I'll propose it
12:52 &lt;sdumitriu> Ah, actually I was confusing it with another issue
12:52 &lt;sdumitriu> #187 is doable
12:52 &lt;sdumitriu> But it's still quite a lot of work, around a week for a novice
12:55 &lt;kushalk124> You were confusing with which idea ?
12:55 &lt;kushalk124> *issue
12:56 &lt;kushalk124> Can be done in parts
12:56 &lt;kushalk124> In the meantime
12:56 &lt;kushalk124> How would i edit the front page
12:56 &lt;kushalk124> ?
12:56 &lt;kushalk124> for issue 397
12:57 &lt;sdumitriu> PhenoTips.DBWebHomeSheet
12:57 &lt;kushalk124> How to figure it out ?
12:58 &lt;sdumitriu> http://localhost:8080/bin/WebHome?viewer=code
12:58 &lt;sdumitriu> I'm sorry, but the fact that we've hidden the developer interface makes it really hard to... develop
12:59 &lt;sdumitriu> We have to improve this really soon
12:59 &lt;kushalk124> Yep
12:59 &lt;sdumitriu> Otherwise students will have a hard time doing stuff
12:59 &lt;kushalk124> You will have a hard time dealing with my pings all the time :P
13:00 &lt;sdumitriu> Confusing with https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues/190
13:09 &lt;kushalk124> What does this do {{html wiki=false clean=false}}
13:10 &lt;sdumitriu> It allows to embed HTML code in the output
13:10 &lt;sdumitriu> Normally, any &lt; and > will be printed as-is
13:10 &lt;sdumitriu> So if you want to have a &lt;form>, you need to wrap it in {{html}}...{{/html}}
13:11 &lt;sdumitriu> Stuff in double curly brackets are macros
13:11 &lt;sdumitriu> Like {{velocity}} which allows to execute Velocity code
13:11 &lt;sdumitriu> Or {{warning}} which displays a warning
13:11 &lt;sdumitriu> wiki=false means that the content doesn't contain any other wiki markup
13:11 &lt;kushalk124> wiki=false clean=false
13:11 &lt;kushalk124> ohh
13:12 &lt;sdumitriu> So {{html wiki="true"}}This is &lt;strong>bold&lt;/strong>, and so is **this**{{/html}} will print two bolds
13:12 &lt;sdumitriu> But {{html wiki="false"}}This is &lt;strong>bold&lt;/strong>, but **this** isn't{{/html}} will print only one, and actual **this** will be printed
13:13 &lt;sdumitriu> clean controls whether the HTML code is cleaned or not
13:13 &lt;sdumitriu> Meaning that you can write messy HTML inside, but the output will always be valid XHTML
13:13 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh nice
13:14 &lt;kushalk124> One more thing is it necessary to rebase
13:14 &lt;sdumitriu> {{html clean="false"}}This &lt;b>is bold and &lt;i>italic&lt;/b>&lt;/i>{{/html}
13:14 &lt;sdumitriu>  gets cleaned as
13:14 &lt;sdumitriu> This &lt;strong> is bold and &lt;em>italic&lt;/em>&lt;/strong>
13:14 &lt;kushalk124> becuase I am not able to do that with my network
13:15 &lt;kushalk124> Oh nice so it cleans the misformatted ones
13:15 &lt;sdumitriu> But this is costly, so if you know the content is valid, you can skip the cleaning part
13:15 &lt;kushalk124> It costs in performance ?
13:15 &lt;sdumitriu> It's not mandatory to rebase, but it's better
13:15 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes, hurts performance
13:22 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
13:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Sent PR
13:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sorry net issue
13:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,
13:28 &lt;camelia_> hello, I  have a question regarding the data included in the phenotip and relevant to comparing patients, please: it contains only clinical symptoms or it is related to measurements as well?
13:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:32 &lt;kushalk124> has joined #ccm
13:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hi camelia_
13:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:40 &lt;sdumitriu&gt; has joined #ccm
13:43 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:43 &lt;camelia_> I guess it's only the clinical symptoms, because the measurements are somehow comprised in the "growth parameters" physical findings
13:46 &lt;camelia_> so the "clinical symptoms &amp; physical findings" would be sufficient the comparison criteria among patients, plus age and sex. Are there any other criteria to be considered when establishing similar patients?
13:47 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:51 &lt;sdumitriu> Sorry, phone call
13:51 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:53 &lt;kushalk124> Ok :)
13:53 &lt;sdumitriu> camelia_: Indeed, the measurements are not that relevant on their own, since they're going to be reflected in the phenotypes
13:53 &lt;sdumitriu> But in the future we'll have more data to take into account
13:54 &lt;sdumitriu> Temporal data is something that's going to be very important
13:55 &lt;sdumitriu> We already have some basic support for that, provided by the onset in the phenotype details
13:55 &lt;sdumitriu> In that direction, the age of the measurements would be important as well
13:55 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
13:56 &lt;camelia_> So the algorithms need to consider both three valued logic (True/False/Null) and numeric features
13:56 &lt;sdumitriu> Yep
13:59 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:00 &lt;camelia_> the onset is numeric, what is its meaning?
14:01 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:  Checked the PR ?
14:01 &lt;sdumitriu> camelia_: Are you sure it's numeric?
14:03 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Doing it now
14:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:04 &lt;camelia_> let me check again
14:04 &lt;camelia_> &lt;name>onset&lt;/name>       &lt;number>8&lt;/number>       &lt;numberType>integer&lt;/numberType>       &lt;prettyName>Onset&lt;/prettyName>
14:05 &lt;sdumitriu> Ah, yes, that's not used actually
14:05 &lt;sdumitriu> It's deprecated
14:05 &lt;sdumitriu> It's the next one, age_of_onset
14:06 &lt;camelia_> which is a Database List
14:07 &lt;sdumitriu> It allows to choose between a few HPO terms related to onset
14:07 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:07 &lt;sdumitriu> If you edit a patient sheet and hover over each onset value, you'll see what they mean
14:08 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Hehe, you needed two commits, again :)
14:09 &lt;sdumitriu> Maybe next one will be better
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> Ya i noticed that white space :P
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> I was about to make a PR
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> than i notices something is wrong
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> :P
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> so opened the demo page and saw the mistake
14:09 &lt;kushalk124> Are you free ?
14:09 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
14:10 &lt;lakhan> has joined #ccm
14:11 &lt;kushalk124> So any other bug ?
14:11 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Want another one?
14:11 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:12 &lt;kushalk124> Yep
14:12 &lt;sdumitriu> K, creating it
14:15 &lt;kushalk124> Creating it ? o.O
14:16 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:16 &lt;sdumitriu> https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues/399
14:17 &lt;sdumitriu> Let me know when you need a hint
14:19 &lt;camelia_> To check that I understood it right: each time a patient visits the doctor a new Patient class instance is created. All instances related to a specific patient share the same patient id. Then we have an evolution of the patient's phenotip and diagnosis in time, at different exam dates.
14:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:20 &lt;camelia_> Should we rely in diagnosis consistency in time, i.e. for the same one patient, if he/she had the same phenotip in subsequent visits, the diagnosis remained unaltered?
14:21 &lt;sdumitriu> camelia_: We're not quite sure yet
14:21 &lt;sdumitriu> Since the software is new, we don't have any repeat visits so far
14:22 &lt;sdumitriu> But probably we're not going to create a new patient record, but branch a new visit for the same patient
14:22 &lt;sdumitriu> We're recording the history of all changes done to the patient record
14:22 &lt;kushalk124> Hey sdumitriu
14:22 &lt;kushalk124> If you have time
14:22 &lt;kushalk124> we can try new PR i sent
14:23 &lt;sdumitriu> But this history is linear, and there aren't any tags that mark when a new visit occurs
14:23 &lt;sdumitriu> This is something that will be improved in the future
14:24 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:31 &lt;camelia_> So all symptoms the patient ever had are put together in  one Database List ?
14:32 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
14:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:36 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:36 &lt;camelia_> And so are the diagnosis? I mean, if patient pac got diagnosis d1 and d2 on 1/04/2013 and then he went to another visit on 8/04/2013 and the doctor replaced diagnosis d2 with d3 for pac, then now pac has diagnosis d1 and d3 in the database.
14:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
14:38 &lt;camelia_> so we're working with the last snapshot of the patient's data
14:38 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
14:38 &lt;camelia_> ok, Thank You!
14:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:40 &lt;camelia_> Good evening and see You tomorrow!
14:41 &lt;sdumitriu> Bye camelia_
14:44 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:48 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:52 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
14:57 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:01 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:02 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:05 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:09 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:13 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:13 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:14 &lt;sdumitriu> Travis build timed out
15:15 &lt;sdumitriu> Building PhenoTips for the first time takes a lot more than 10 minutes...
15:17 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:17 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:18 &lt;kushalk124> It didnt build
15:18 &lt;kushalk124> ?
15:18 &lt;kushalk124> Sorry was out
15:19 &lt;kushalk124> I cant find it on travis site
15:19 &lt;sdumitriu> https://travis-ci.org/compbio-UofT/phenotips/jobs/6518913
15:20 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm
15:21 &lt;kushalk124> They have this local maven mirror
15:22 &lt;kushalk124> http://maven.mirrors.travis-ci.org/nexus/index.html
15:22 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:22 &lt;kushalk124> I think we have to configure it to use this
15:22 &lt;kushalk124> For some repositories
15:23 &lt;kushalk124&gt; Will raise a support ticket for this
15:24 &lt;kushalk124> Can you join #travis
15:26 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:28 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:  ?
15:30 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:31 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: Ye
15:31 &lt;sdumitriu> p
15:33 &lt;kushalk124> He replied only once
15:33 &lt;kushalk124> No support !
15:33 &lt;kushalk124> Will try to tweak it somehow
15:34 &lt;kushalk124> There should be a way
15:34 &lt;kushalk124> How much time does it take on jenkins ?
15:34 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:34 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:34 &lt;sdumitriu> 16 minutes
15:35 &lt;sdumitriu> But that's not the problem
15:35 &lt;sdumitriu> The first part is "fetch all dependencies"
15:35 &lt;sdumitriu> And they assume that it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes to do that
15:35 &lt;sdumitriu> But we have a lot of dependencies, and a few big ones
15:36 &lt;sdumitriu> So it's going to take a while
15:36 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm
15:36 &lt;sdumitriu> I'll try to commit that
15:37 &lt;kushalk124> I opened a PR
15:39 &lt;sdumitriu> K
15:40 &lt;kushalk124> If build time out is 50 mins
15:40 &lt;kushalk124> it should work
15:40 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:40 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:40 &lt;sdumitriu> Yeah, read that
15:41 &lt;kushalk124> Lets try it
15:41 &lt;sdumitriu> Waiting for the build result
15:41 &lt;kushalk124> And I was reproducing the bug
15:41 &lt;sdumitriu> It's nice that pull requests now have Travis integrated
15:41 &lt;sdumitriu> I already see it building
15:41 &lt;kushalk124> Yes thats the best part of travis
15:41 &lt;sdumitriu> https://travis-ci.org/compbio-UofT/phenotips/jobs/6519947
15:42 &lt;kushalk124> Without merge we can check :)
15:44 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:44 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:49 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:51 &lt;kushalk124> It seems to be working fine now
15:52 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:
15:52 &lt;kushalk124> What do you mean by homepage is read only ?
15:52 &lt;kushalk124> for the bug
15:52 &lt;sdumitriu> There are steps to reproduce
15:53 &lt;kushalk124> That I reproduced
15:53 &lt;sdumitriu> It means that normal users can't edit it
15:53 &lt;sdumitriu> Only administrators
15:54 &lt;kushalk124> If i remove the last commit  i.e $hasedit
15:54 &lt;kushalk124> than it can
15:54 &lt;kushalk124> normal users dont have edit allowed ?
15:55 &lt;sdumitriu> They do y default
15:55 &lt;sdumitriu> They do by default
15:55 &lt;sdumitriu> Again, the normal interface is hidden
15:56 &lt;sdumitriu> But they can access http://localhost:8080/bin/edit/data/WebHome
15:56 &lt;kushalk124> I cant access after reproducing it
16:00 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
16:00 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
16:00 &lt;kushalk124> Build failed :\
16:00 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu:
16:02 &lt;kushalk124> We have some way out ?
16:08 &lt;sdumitriu> kushalk124: You should /join #phenotips as well
16:08 &lt;sdumitriu> I wonder why the IRC notifications don't work
16:09 &lt;kushalk124> Hmm
16:09 &lt;kushalk124> they should have worked
16:11 &lt;kushalk124> We get jenkins build status on #phenotips ?
16:11 &lt;sdumitriu> Jenkins, no, I didn't configure it
16:11 &lt;sdumitriu> But that's a good idea, I should look into it
16:12 &lt;sdumitriu> But anyway, that's where PhenoTips discussions should take place
16:12 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
16:12 &lt;kushalk124> :P
16:17 &lt;travis-ci> has joined #ccm
16:17 &lt;travis-ci> [travis-ci] compbio-UofT/phenotips (master:33d8fb1 by Sergiu Dumitriu): The build has errored. (http://travis-ci.org/compbio-UofT/phenotips/builds/6520353)
16:17 &lt;travis-ci> has left #ccm
16:17 &lt;sdumitriu> There you go, we got a notification
16:17 &lt;kushalk124> :)
16:17 &lt;kushalk124> What was the error ?
16:18 &lt;kushalk124> Why did it fail again ?
16:19 &lt;sdumitriu> Ah, that's normal
16:20 &lt;sdumitriu> It's on master, before the install: change
16:22 &lt;travis-ci> [travis-ci] compbio-UofT/phenotips (master:bbcb6f1 by Sergiu Dumitriu): The build has errored. (http://travis-ci.org/compbio-UofT/phenotips/builds/6520541)
16:25 &lt;kushalk124> Late night hunger pangs :D
16:25 &lt;kushalk124> I need to find something to eat :P
18:31 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
23:14 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm</content>
  <object>
    <name>IRC.ccmArchive20130421</name>
    <number>0</number>
    <className>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</className>
    <guid>3b5db486-30fb-4452-972f-a7f09dc33fe4</guid>
    <class>
      <name>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</name>
      <customClass />
      <customMapping />
      <defaultViewSheet />
      <defaultEditSheet />
      <defaultWeb />
      <nameField />
      <validationScript />
      <channel>
        <customDisplay />
        <disabled>0</disabled>
        <name>channel</name>
        <number>1</number>
        <picker>0</picker>
        <prettyName>Channel</prettyName>
        <size>30</size>
        <unmodifiable>0</unmodifiable>
        <validationMessage />
        <validationRegExp />
        <classType>com.xpn.xwiki.objects.classes.StringClass</classType>
      </channel>
    </class>
    <property>
      <channel>ccm</channel>
    </property>
  </object>
</xwikidoc>