<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<xwikidoc version="1.1">
  <web>IRC</web>
  <name>ccmArchive20130419</name>
  <language />
  <defaultLanguage />
  <translation>0</translation>
  <creator>XWiki.sdumitriu</creator>
  <creationDate>1366344049000</creationDate>
  <parent>IRC.WebHome</parent>
  <author>XWiki.sdumitriu</author>
  <contentAuthor>XWiki.sdumitriu</contentAuthor>
  <date>1366425084000</date>
  <contentUpdateDate>1366425084000</contentUpdateDate>
  <version>1.625</version>
  <title>IRC Archive for channel #ccm on 19 April 2013</title>
  <comment>Logging from IRC</comment>
  <minorEdit>true</minorEdit>
  <syntaxId>plain/1.0</syntaxId>
  <hidden>false</hidden>
  <content>&lt;sdumitriu> Did you add the third measurement?
00:01 &lt;kushalk124> Yup added the third measurement
00:01 &lt;kushalk124> Do i need to add all values ? I added only weight
00:01 &lt;kushalk124> The 2nd and 3rd measurement seems to be same
00:01 &lt;kushalk124> but the first one
00:01 &lt;kushalk124> in form
00:02 &lt;kushalk124> there is a difference in fields display
00:07 &lt;sdumitriu> No, don't bother with the values
00:07 &lt;sdumitriu> You should see that the labels are smaller for the new measurement
00:13 &lt;kushalk124> Form labels ?
00:13 &lt;kushalk124> They seem to be of same size
00:14 &lt;kushalk124> font-size : 14px
00:20 &lt;sdumitriu> It's late, I have to go to sleep
00:20 &lt;sdumitriu> We'll continue later
00:21 &lt;kushalk124> Just one things  can you just screenshot the bug on your computer
00:22 &lt;kushalk124> i will try to reproduce it
00:22 &lt;kushalk124> Sorry for keeping you awake
00:22 &lt;sdumitriu> K
00:27 &lt;kushalk124> Not able to download on irc
00:27 &lt;sdumitriu> Uploaded on the issue page: https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues/389
00:27 &lt;kushalk124> Ok
00:27 &lt;kushalk124> Thank you for the help
00:27 &lt;kushalk124> Will meet you tomorrow
00:31 &lt;kushalk124> Ok was able to reproduce it
00:33 &lt;kushalk124> I guess some issues with my install also , I dont see those images on the sides of labels
00:51 &lt;AvneeNathani> has joined #ccm
00:53 &lt;AvneeNathani> Hello
01:07 &lt;kushalk124> Hey
01:11 &lt;AvneeNathani> Hi @kushalk124
01:11 &lt;AvneeNathani> I wanted to talk about a project that I'm interested in for GSoC
01:12 &lt;kushalk124> Hey AvneeNathani , the mentors are not online at this moment they left an hour back
01:12 &lt;kushalk124> I might be able to help
01:14 &lt;AvneeNathani> thanks. kushalk124, are you a mentor too?
01:14 &lt;kushalk124> No
01:14 &lt;AvneeNathani> oh
01:15 &lt;AvneeNathani> you're also a student, like me?
01:15 &lt;kushalk124> What timezone you are in ? Mentors are at timezone utc -4 so they would be able i guess after 6-7hrs or more
01:15 &lt;kushalk124> Yup
01:15 &lt;AvneeNathani> Ok, thanks kushal
01:16 &lt;kushalk124> Np :)
01:16 &lt;kushalk124> You had some query ?
01:17 &lt;AvneeNathani> has left #ccm
02:12 &lt;froggy> has joined #ccm
02:32 &lt;Dhritiman> has joined #ccm
02:44 &lt;UCC> has joined #ccm
03:02 &lt;kushalk124> has joined #ccm
03:08 &lt;kushalk124> has joined #ccm
03:15 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:41 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:45 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:51 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
03:56 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
03:58 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:02 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:06 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:08 &lt;UCC> has joined #ccm
04:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:37 &lt;mehitabel> has joined #ccm
04:39 &lt;UCC> Hi
04:44 &lt;UCC> I'm a second year CS student and I want to participate in gsoc 2013
04:45 &lt;UCC> I looked over the proposed project ideas
04:45 &lt;UCC> But I'm not sure on your requirement's knowledge-wise
04:53 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
04:53 &lt;UCC> I have basic  experience with Android, web technologies - HTML,CSS,Javascript, python (I never built a site from scratch but as I learned I developed small components in oder to develop my skills, and I also am currently contributing to Mozilla Firefox, and have contributed in the past to WebKit with adding testing support for an experimental CSS3 module). I also had some experience with MySql and Django some time ago but I need some time to relearn.
04:55 &lt;UCC> I was wondering what project would be suitable for my skills (consider that I have only basic knowledge, I've never did any large project by myself, except an Android game). And how should I start contributing in order to show you my abilities as a candidate for the project.
05:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:07 &lt;UCC> The project - mobile application for chronic disease management looks interesting. The problem is that I will only be able to develop for Android and for anything related to C/C++. And also, if possible I would like more details on the project, I wan't to make sure I grasp the full picture.
05:17 &lt;UCC> Also, having a strong background in data structure and algorithms (I participated in and won many informatics contest) the project Visualization and analysis of patient data for the diagnosis of genetic disorders and also the project Mobile web interface for PhenoTips sound great and I'm confident I can do them, but I will require some help from the mentor in order to polish my web skills and learn all that is necessary, but I hope that won't be an impediment be
05:17 &lt;UCC> cause I'm a fast learner, I love to learn new technologies and I could get up to speed quickly and start developing before the official coding period starts.
05:22 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
05:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:37 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
05:55 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
06:06 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
06:42 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
06:51 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
07:09 &lt;sdumitriu> Good morning
07:11 &lt;UCC> has joined #ccm
07:17 &lt;UCC> has joined #ccm
07:18 &lt;sdumitriu> Hey UCC
07:21 &lt;unknown__> has joined #ccm
07:31 &lt;UCC> has joined #ccm
08:20 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
09:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
09:47 &lt;mehitabel> has joined #ccm
09:53 &lt;Krinye> has joined #ccm
10:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> has joined #ccm
10:08 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
10:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hey kushalkhandelwal
10:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> Any progress on that issue?
10:15 &lt;UCC> Hi sdumitriu, have you read my questions ?
10:15 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
10:17 &lt;UCC> can you give me some advice ?
10:18 &lt;sdumitriu1> Android apps are written in a subset of Java, so would you say you also know Java?
10:19 &lt;sdumitriu1> Also, how well do you know web technologies?
10:20 &lt;UCC> yes, I know java pretty well, and my main experience is in C/C++ . I forgot to mention that.
10:22 &lt;UCC> Web technologies ... well ... I know most of what I should know about html/css/javascript (it's not much anyway). The problem is I never worked on a big project with this technologies.
10:23 &lt;UCC> The main idea is ... i know the language, I just never used it that much. That's why I think this is the perfect moment to learn and improve
10:25 &lt;UCC> From what I know from other collegues that have participated in past Gsoc's, the mentors didn't require knowledge of the language or certain technologies, they helped them learn in parallel. It's not necessary the case with me, I just wanted to point out that I'm not that used to web technologies.
10:25 &lt;UCC> *necessarily
10:26 &lt;sdumitriu1> Indeed
10:28 &lt;sdumitriu1> So what would you prefer?
10:29 &lt;sdumitriu1> A project is more successful if you really like it
10:32 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
10:34 &lt;UCC> That what I was thinking .... I should chose something I really like and stand to gain more knowledge and experience. I really like the idea of - Mobile application for chronic disease management. But I'm not sure exactly what I will do because, from what I see, C/C++ , web development and other technologies are required. So is the project Android related or it is related on multiple platforms.
10:35 &lt;UCC> ?
10:35 &lt;sdumitriu1> This project is very open ended
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu1> Since it's a new project, it doesn't have any limits imposed
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu1> It can be an Android app
10:36 &lt;sdumitriu1> It can be an app + server that handles data from the client
10:42 &lt;UCC> well that is cool, I like the ideea of using multiple technologies and learn more things. Maybe even create a web interface and also, as you said create client-server model to store and use information with a database. Sounds interesting. Should I contact the mentor mentioned in contacts and discuss with him further?
10:44 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes, but send email to ccm-mentors@cs.toronto.edu, not directly to Marc
10:47 &lt;UCC> Well ... then I will send it to ccm-mentors@cs.toronto.edu, but to whom should it be adressed? to Marc ? or should I say the name of the project and ask for further guidance.
10:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> Just ask for guidance
10:53 &lt;UCC> ok, thank you :)
11:58 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
12:07 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
12:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
12:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
12:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
12:37 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
12:42 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm
13:12 &lt;krinye> has joined #ccm
13:23 &lt;ravigarg27_> has joined #ccm
13:39 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
14:03 &lt;krinye> has joined #ccm
14:04 &lt;krinye> hello guys
14:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hi
14:05 &lt;krinye> Hi sdumitriu! I decided to focus on the Expansion of the Safe Heart App
14:06 &lt;krinye> Is it possible to view the database schema? It would be interesting to see what data the app collects.
14:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm, that's Marc's project, and unfortunately he's off today
14:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> You should send him an email
14:09 &lt;krinye> I have already emailed him. I will wait until Tuesday for the reply and then follow up
14:15 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
14:19 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
14:26 &lt;AvneeNathani> has joined #ccm
14:30 &lt;AvneeNathani> Hi @marta
14:50 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
14:51 &lt;krinye> has joined #ccm
14:54 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
14:58 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:02 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:07 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hi sdumitriu
15:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Sorry could not reply to you at that time. Lots of end semester submissions and viva took the entire day
15:11 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1, there ?
15:11 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I was going through xwiki documentation to have a gist of the markup they use
15:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalkhandelwal: Back
15:14 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
15:14 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Network :\
15:16 &lt;sdumitriu1> I know
15:17 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
15:18 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:22 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:28 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:37 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:40 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:42 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> It is also using Velocity scripting ?
15:42 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1:
15:42 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
15:44 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ok
15:44 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
15:53 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1: Why I am getting this error "Failed to execute the [velocity] macro" on my page
15:54 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Some build errors ?
15:54 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> that unable to find pom for velocity or something
15:55 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I think while builiding I had some warning
15:55 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Also this  Importing XAR file: /home/kushal/Projects/phenotips/resources/ui/target/phenotips-ui.xar 2013-04-19 10:38:00,281 [main] ERROR o.x.e.i.StandardEnvironment    - Configured temporary directory [/tmp/xwiki-temp] is not writable.  2013-04-19 10:38:00,286 [main] WARN  c.x.x.p.p.Package              - Failed to parse document [PhenoTips/WebHome.xml] from XML during import, thus it will not be installed. The error was: Cou
15:56 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm, these errors shouldn't happen
15:56 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Are there no build tests for these ?
15:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> The build should have failed if a document fails to import
15:59 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I got a build success ?
15:59 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> [INFO] Reactor Summary: [INFO]  [INFO] PhenoTips - Parent POM ............................ SUCCESS [7.911s] [INFO] PhenoTips - Various Java components ............... SUCCESS [0.757s] [INFO] PhenoTips - OBO to Solr conversion ................ SUCCESS [3.269s] [INFO] PhenoTips - Solr Access Service ................... SUCCESS [3.302s] [INFO] PhenoTips - Listeners for updating computed Patient fields  SUCCESS [11.394s] [INFO] P
15:59 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Is the test coverage complete ?
16:00 &lt;sdumitriu1> Nope, unfortunately the UI part doesn't have any tests yet, since it was developed as a prototype initially, nobody expected it to have this much success
16:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> That's another thing we have to do...
16:01 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I can write tests
16:01 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I was thinking of proposing that
16:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> Are you familiar with Selenium?
16:02 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> And also integrating CI on github
16:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> We have CI
16:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> ci.cs.toronto.edu
16:02 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yesterday you asked me not to edit pom.xml directly , why is that so ?
16:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> XWiki has a fairly good test framework, so it's easy to write UI tests
16:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> No, not pom.xml, but the other XML files
16:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> Because it's much easier to develop live in the wiki
16:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> You just save and view the results instantly
16:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Jenkins :D
16:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> That is there
16:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> True
16:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> Whereas writing on the filesystem means you have to build and run after each change
16:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> It's a much slower dev process
16:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> In the wiki it takes a second to save and reload the page, and see if it works or still needs improvements
16:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> for the final changes we write in the filesystem , actually I thot there should have been a CI so that every time someone commits a change
16:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> And when you're done, you can export the document and commit it
16:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and push it before the pull we could have a build check
16:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> We could integrate travis
16:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I was thinking on that line
16:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I agree developing live is a faster dev practice
16:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> java tests written in Junit ?
16:06 &lt;sdumitriu1> For the Java code, JUnit + JMock
16:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> You can see tests in components/patient-measurements/patient-measurements-api
16:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> Travis is a good idea
16:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> So far we're checking the build post-factum
16:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> If it fails, we get an email and then we have to fix it
16:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> The infra is new as well
16:08 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> All night yesterday I was thinking why we dont have a CI
16:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> You can see that Jenkins only had time to build 57 times so far
16:08 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Okay
16:08 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> so we can integrate travis
16:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> Did you look at http://phenotips.org/Community/ ?
16:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> It links to http://phenotips.org/Community/ContinuousBuild
16:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> we can have a stable branch
16:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and other feature branches
16:09 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yep, that's my ideal way of working
16:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I had checked the page though
16:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I missed that out :P
16:10 &lt;sdumitriu1> But so far, after the early prototyping stage, features have been kind of small
16:10 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
16:11 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So my task list : 1) Form Builder 2) Integrate Travis 3) Increase test coverage 4) Improve Documentation on the Github Repo
16:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Can we hook jenkins to Github ?
16:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/GitHub+Plugin
16:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> It is
16:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> A push triggers a build
16:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So that we have a build notification
16:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> A build failure sends emails
16:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Displayed on the github repo
16:12 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
16:13 &lt;sdumitriu1> http://mail.phenotips.org/pipermail/notifications/Week-of-Mon-20130408/subject.html
16:17 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
16:18 &lt;sdumitriu1> WDYM by 1) Form Builder?
16:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Form Builder for phenotips
16:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I was going through the idea while I was building phenotips
16:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> But I thought you're applying for the ontologies integration project
16:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yes I am
16:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I was also going through the idea
16:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK
16:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Also Marta pointed me that I should try for Form Builder as I dont have Java knowledge
16:21 &lt;sdumitriu1> Right
16:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> What do you say . What should I go for ?
16:21 &lt;sdumitriu1> Form builder
16:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> One thing for sure , I liked working
16:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Learnt a lot about Maven , Solr
16:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> I have a question for you
16:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and now learning apache velocity and Xwiki
16:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> yes
16:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> Indian names are always in the form &lt;Given name> &lt;Family name>, like in English?
16:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Not always
16:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Regios specific
16:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> *region
16:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Also some government ids mention as &lt;Family Name> &lt;Give Name>
16:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> In northern part of the country it is mostly &lt;Given name> &lt;Family name>
16:24 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Whereas if you go towards the southern part of the country name can be as big as 10 words
16:24 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Name has all the family history info
16:24 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yeah, I've had a lot of students from Sri Lanka, and they usually have at least 4 names
16:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
16:26 &lt;sdumitriu1> But I guess most of the good IT universities are in the north
16:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Spread across the country
16:26 &lt;sdumitriu1> Indeed
16:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Some of the best IITs in north and central regions
16:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I am from BITS Pilani University
16:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Which has 3 Campuses in India
16:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Apart from that , IIT Madras is in south
16:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> One of the finest Engineering College
16:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and IIIT Hyderabad also in south
16:27 &lt;sdumitriu1> I'm looking at the map now and I've seen students from Chennai, and if I remember correctly, even from Madurai
16:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Last 2 are the best in Computer Science
16:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and IISc Bangalore
16:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> :)
16:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Madras is old name for Chennai
16:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Still in maps ? :P
16:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1:
16:31 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
16:33 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK, done
16:34 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> What was the verdict ?
16:34 &lt;sdumitriu1> Earth is beautiful
16:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Haha :D
16:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ok so coming to the issue
16:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> any idea why I was getting that error
16:45 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #ccm
16:46 &lt;kushalk124> has joined #ccm
16:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,
16:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1,
16:46 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Error ?
16:49 &lt;sdumitriu1> Sorry, somebody else needed me
16:49 &lt;sdumitriu1> Can you pastebin the full error?
16:50 &lt;kushalk124> Should i build it again ? Then only I will see the error completely
16:52 &lt;kushalk124> http://pastebin.com/TCtKgWBz
17:00 &lt;sdumitriu1> The main problem is:
17:00 &lt;sdumitriu1> Configured temporary directory [/tmp/xwiki-temp] is not writable
17:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> One easy way of fixing this is:
17:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> sudo mkdir /tmp/xwiki-temp
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> sudo chown kushal /tmp/xwiki-temp
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> Then try again
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> What distro are you using?
17:02 &lt;kushalk124> yes did that already
17:03 &lt;kushalk124> Ubunutu 12.04
17:03 &lt;kushalk124> i should do mvn clean install
17:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
17:05 &lt;kushalk124> I think we should document some of the common errors that might occur
17:06 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yep
17:06 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm, I think I know
17:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> That might have been created for root when you did the sudo mvn install
17:07 &lt;kushalk124> Oh
17:10 &lt;sdumitriu1> So maybe you need to do
17:10 &lt;sdumitriu1> sudo chown -R kushal /tmp/xwiki-temp
17:10 &lt;kushalk124> Yep did that and started the build
17:15 &lt;kushalk124> One question
17:15 &lt;kushalk124> Till the time it builds
17:15 &lt;sdumitriu1> Shoot
17:16 &lt;kushalk124> Build fi nished
17:16 &lt;kushalk124> Warning : [WARNING] Cannot include project artifact: edu.toronto.cs.phenotips:phenotips-standalone:pom:1.0-SNAPSHOT; it doesn't have an associated file or directory.
17:17 &lt;kushalk124> [INFO]   ... Importing XAR file: /home/kushal/Projects/GSOC/phenotips/resources/ui/target/phenotips-ui.xar 2013-04-20 02:41:40,428 [main] WARN  iComponentManagerEventListener - Failed to create wiki component(s) for document [Main.UserDirectory]: Registering UI extensions requires admin rights
17:17 &lt;kushalk124> question after this
17:18 &lt;sdumitriu1> Ignore those
17:19 &lt;kushalk124> The second one also ?
17:19 &lt;kushalk124> Its not able to create the components
17:19 &lt;sdumitriu1> It's normal
17:19 &lt;kushalk124> I dont see those images next to labels in the form
17:20 &lt;kushalk124> Ok
17:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> Registering UI extensions requires admin rights" is OK, since at this stage we're just putting documents in a database, the "extension registration" doesn't matter
17:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> FYI, this is caused by the fact that during the database import, documents are imported in a random order, meaning that the rights can be imported after the documents that need those rights
17:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> No images again?
17:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> Try to force a cache refresh
17:20 &lt;kushalk124> Yep
17:21 &lt;kushalk124> Oh
17:26 &lt;kushalk124> :)
17:26 &lt;kushalk124> works
17:32 &lt;kushalk124> Question
17:37 &lt;sdumitriu1> Still waiting
17:40 &lt;kushalk124> you in University of Toronto ?
17:40 &lt;kushalk124> Working as ?
17:43 &lt;kushalk124> Is there a way of getting the orignal code of PatientSheetCode without rebuilding , i made some change but need the orignal code again sdumitriu1
17:43 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes, UofT at the moment, working as a software developer
17:44 &lt;kushalk124> And you are part of Xwiki also ? You not me ntoring over there ?
17:44 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes, long time committer for XWiki, mentor, and organization administrator
17:45 &lt;kushalk124> Okay you are organization administrator I didnt knew that
17:45 &lt;kushalk124> Liked some of the ideas there
17:45 &lt;kushalk124> Never used xwiki before
17:45 &lt;kushalk124> but when i started reading about it today loved it
17:45 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yep, that's the problem with it, too few people know about XWiki
17:46 &lt;kushalk124> Applying for different Gsoc organizations is itself a good learning experience
17:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
17:46 &lt;kushalk124> Can you give me the orignal patientsheetcode
17:47 &lt;kushalk124> Line 159 change &lt;label class="hint" > to &lt;label class="" >
17:47 &lt;kushalk124> that should fix the bug
17:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hehe, you found it
17:48 &lt;kushalk124> Long time back 15-20 mins
17:48 &lt;kushalk124> actually i was reading the code
17:48 &lt;kushalk124> i though by mistake i delted some things else also
17:48 &lt;kushalk124> :P
17:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm, the problem with it is that the XML file is encoded
17:49 &lt;kushalk124> You added this bug ?
17:49 &lt;sdumitriu1> So &amp; &lt;  and > are &amp;amp; &amp;lt; &amp;gt;
17:49 &lt;sdumitriu1> WDYM added?
17:49 &lt;kushalk124> Was it there before ? Or you left it as an easyfix
17:49 &lt;sdumitriu1> At some point the class="hint" was in two places
17:50 &lt;kushalk124> yes
17:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> One was removed when users told us that the font is too small and can't be easily read
17:50 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
17:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> So marta removed one of the instances, but forgot about the second one
17:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> And we noticed the bug a few days ago, but decided to leave it in for a while as an easy fix
17:51 &lt;sdumitriu1> For students
17:51 &lt;sdumitriu1> To fix it it would be simpler to just edit the XML file on the filesystem
17:51 &lt;kushalk124> Fixing a minor bug was fun , i got introduced to Xwiki and velocity :D
17:51 &lt;sdumitriu1> I said you shouldn't do that, but for such a small change it's OK
17:51 &lt;kushalk124> So should i remove it from the xml
17:52 &lt;kushalk124> For the final commit now we can remove it
17:54 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
17:54 &lt;sdumitriu1> Do you know how to make a pull request?
17:54 &lt;kushalk124> Yes
17:54 &lt;sdumitriu1> Perfect, let's see
17:55 &lt;kushalk124> I hope i am able to push My college net is just f***up
17:56 &lt;kushalk124> I would have a hard time with the file structure
17:56 &lt;kushalk124> Before that
17:56 &lt;kushalk124> phenotips/resources/ui/target/classes/PhenoTips
17:57 &lt;kushalk124> over here i need to make changes ?
17:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> Not in target
17:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> src
17:57 &lt;kushalk124> ohh
17:57 &lt;kushalk124> my bad
17:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> Aren't you supposed to be sleeping now?
18:00 &lt;kushalk124> I should have
18:00 &lt;kushalk124> Last night slept at 4:30 woke up again at 6:30
18:00 &lt;kushalk124> should i remove the class completely ?
18:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
18:02 &lt;kushalk124> over here ${prop.prettyName}:
18:02 &lt;kushalk124> this colon would stay ?
18:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
18:24 &lt;sdumitriu1> Stuck?
18:25 &lt;kushalk124> No
18:25 &lt;kushalk124> Was arranging a data card for using ssh
18:26 &lt;kushalk124> ssh blocked :\
18:26 &lt;kushalk124> then pushed using https
18:26 &lt;kushalk124> sent pull request
18:26 &lt;kushalk124> First Mistake : Didnt create a branch
18:26 &lt;kushalk124> sorry
18:26 &lt;sdumitriu1> Ah, why did you remov the label completely...
18:26 &lt;sdumitriu1> You should have removed just the class attribute from it
18:27 &lt;kushalk124> Oops i removed the lable
18:27 &lt;kushalk124> :\
18:27 &lt;kushalk124> sleepy head sorry
18:27 &lt;kushalk124> wait
18:27 &lt;kushalk124> 2-3 hrs of sleep in 2 days
18:30 &lt;sdumitriu1> When doing pull requests, you shouldn't do them from the master branch, but from a topic branch
18:30 &lt;sdumitriu1> This way you can have more than one pull request active
18:30 &lt;sdumitriu1> Otherwise they will all be trying to merge master, which isn't going to work
18:31 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
18:31 &lt;kushalk124> So I should create a branch ?
18:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> Not now
18:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> Just push another commit
18:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> But for the next time, keep that in mind
18:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK, looks good now
18:33 &lt;vshivam> Hi sdumitriu1.
18:34 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hi vshivam
18:34 &lt;kushalk124> Yup sure
18:34 &lt;vshivam> I emailing Marc regarding the Android Application
18:34 &lt;vshivam> *tried emailing
18:35 &lt;sdumitriu1> Marc is off today
18:35 &lt;vshivam> Will I be able to get in touch with him tomorrow
18:35 &lt;kushalk124> :)
18:35 &lt;kushalk124> So now moving on to a new bug
18:36 &lt;kushalk124> Is there some guideline for commit messages ?
18:36 &lt;sdumitriu1> vshivam: He's super busy in this period, I'm not sure
18:37 &lt;marta> vshivam: monday marc will be around for sure
18:37 &lt;vshivam> hm.
18:37 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: I prefer this:
18:37 &lt;sdumitriu1> Issue #389: Adding a new relative or measurement entry displays the new entry in a smaller font than the existing entries
18:37 &lt;sdumitriu1> Fixed.
18:37 &lt;marta> i can try to ping him for tomorrow, but no guarantees :)
18:38 &lt;vshivam> Thanks. That'd be great
18:38 &lt;vshivam> Since the project is very open ended, I wanted to get some basic details about it
18:39 &lt;kushalk124> In the commit message the entire issue
18:39 &lt;kushalk124> ok
18:39 &lt;marta> i assume it's the chronic disease app, right?
18:40 &lt;marta> that's the most open-ended project we have :)
18:40 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu1:   Issue #392  ?
18:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: Yes, I was just giving it you you
18:41 &lt;kushalk124> I was trying to reproduce
18:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> This one is also fairly small
18:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> So, to reproduce it
18:41 &lt;kushalk124> How to enable WYSIWYG
18:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> You have to go to http://localhost:8080/bin/edit/PhenoTips/PatientClass?editor=class
18:42 &lt;marta> vshivam: did you look at http://www.bantapp.com/ yet?
18:42 &lt;vshivam> Yeah.
18:42 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: Click on a TextArea field, like Indication for referral
18:42 &lt;sdumitriu1> And the last option for that field should be Editor
18:43 &lt;sdumitriu1> Change to WYSIWYG
18:43 &lt;vshivam> Actually, I wanted to know if we have already have a particular disease which we need to focus on
18:43 &lt;marta> a far as I know, no
18:43 &lt;marta> so the first step would be to pick one
18:43 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu1: Was able to reproduce it
18:44 &lt;marta> the idea is to make _one more chronic disease management app_
18:44 &lt;vshivam> hm.
18:45 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: Fixing this requires going through the Velocity code a bit more carefully, to spot exactly where this occurs
18:45 &lt;sdumitriu1> Let me know if you want a hint
18:46 &lt;kushalk124> It would be in the same file
18:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
18:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> PatientSheetCode
18:46 &lt;kushalk124> Will just read a bit about velocity code first
18:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> http://velocity.apache.org/
18:47 &lt;sdumitriu1> http://velocity.apache.org/engine/releases/velocity-1.7/user-guide.html is good, but a bit lengthy
18:47 &lt;sdumitriu1> http://velocity.apache.org/engine/releases/velocity-1.7/vtl-reference-guide.html is very concise and formal
18:47 &lt;kushalk124> I read your presentation for Maven
18:47 &lt;sdumitriu1> Ah, nice
18:47 &lt;sdumitriu1> I was going to give you the link to my presentations later
18:48 &lt;kushalk124> And read a paper of yours
18:48 &lt;kushalk124> At that time I was asking you
18:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> Oh no, which one?
18:48 &lt;kushalk124> You interested in P2P
18:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> I was, before it got cloudy :)
18:49 &lt;kushalk124> Building a collaborative peer-to-peer wiki system one
18:49 &lt;marta> vshivam: pinged marc, waiting for an answer
18:49 &lt;marta> sorry i couldn't be more useful
18:49 &lt;vshivam> marta : Thanks.  I'll do some research regarding the diseases which can be monitored by a patient himself in the mean time.
18:50 &lt;kushalk124> Will try this bug a bit then sleep , have a 40 Marks Viva tomorrow :(    ( Microcontroller Project )
18:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: You should look at my other presentations when you have some free time
18:51 &lt;sdumitriu1> They're going to be useful for your project
18:51 &lt;kushalk124> Yep Would do that
18:51 &lt;kushalk124> Ohh
18:51 &lt;kushalk124> I really wanted to apply for a summe research intern for this summer
18:52 &lt;kushalk124> wanted to do some research in ML , AI or NLP or learn something in Netowrk Administration
18:53 &lt;kushalk124> How is the editor called , I am trying to figure that out
18:54 &lt;sdumitriu1> Which editor? The WYSIWYG?
18:55 &lt;marta> kushalk124: would you like a more research-y project? we have some more ideas that we haven't published yet
18:55 &lt;kushalk124> Would love to do that
18:55 &lt;kushalk124> I want to do some research at undergrad level
18:56 &lt;kushalk124> Then go for MS
18:56 &lt;marta> i see
18:56 &lt;kushalk124> sdumitriu1: This bug would keep me awake :P Now i dont feel like sleeping
18:56 &lt;sdumitriu1> Sorry
18:57 &lt;kushalk124> No need to be sorry
18:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalk124: "How is the editor called" -- called = invoked, or called = named?
18:57 &lt;kushalk124> I meant to say that now I am again full of energy :D
18:57 &lt;kushalk124> invoked
18:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> Ah, understood the other one
18:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> It's automatically when you display a field
18:58 &lt;sdumitriu1> "display" is the keyword ;)
18:58 &lt;kushalk124> :)
19:00 &lt;kushalk124> Where do you put the js code for the editor ?
19:00 &lt;sdumitriu1> WDYM?
19:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> javascript code for the editor
19:04 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> marta, You were talking about some other project ?
19:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1,  I can comment using #*  ---- * # ?
19:05 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> right ?
19:08 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> there ?
19:10 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
19:11 &lt;sdumitriu1> And yes
19:11 &lt;sdumitriu1> Comments are with #* block comment *# or with ## line comments
19:14 &lt;marta> kushalkhandelwal: i'll need to talk to some of the other mentors to see exactly what research projects we can propose
19:14 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ok :)
19:15 &lt;marta> i'll let you know in a couple of days
19:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Thanks marta
19:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> That would be very helpful
19:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1,
19:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> what is $xcontext.action and $context.action
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu1> kushalkhandelwal: Wait, did you say you have a project tomorrow? On Saturday?
19:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yup
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu1> $context is deprecated, it's supposed to be $xcontext all the time
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu1> And $xcontext.action is the current mode: view or edit
19:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I see an instance of $context
19:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> A few other modes are possible as well, like export, but they
19:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> 're less relevant
19:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
19:26 &lt;camelia_> has joined #ccm
19:33 &lt;camelia_> I have a question again, please. The className of a BaseObject corresponding to a patient has value PatientClass or XWiki.PatientClass or PhenoTips.PatientClass?
19:34 &lt;marta> PhenoTips.PatientClass
19:34 &lt;camelia_> Thank You!
19:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,
19:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> no success till now
19:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1,
19:35 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Within a class displayed-value
19:36 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> it is duplicationg
19:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> Going home, talk to sdumitriu
19:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu,
19:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I will try this tomorrow then
19:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I think I should sleep now
19:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> its 5:30 AM
19:49 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> just one quick thing
19:50 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> is it something to do with the class displayed-text
19:52 &lt;AvneeNathani> has joined #ccm
19:53 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu, ?
19:55 &lt;AvneeNathani> Hello marta
19:59 &lt;AvneeNathani_> has joined #ccm
20:05 &lt;AvneeNathani_> has left #ccm
20:05 &lt;AvneeNathani_> has joined #ccm
20:18 &lt;marta_> has joined #ccm
20:20 &lt;marta_> vshivam: marc said to email him; his current schedule doesn't really allow him to spend too much time on IRC
20:20 &lt;vshivam> Okay,
20:20 &lt;vshivam> Thanks :)
20:21 &lt;vshivam> I had emailed him yesterday, I'll wait for his reply
20:22 &lt;marta_> it's unfortunate that he's away and busy right now when you guys need to ask questions... I hope he'll get the chance to answer soon
20:27 &lt;AvneeNathani_> Hey marta
20:28 &lt;marta_> Hi AvneeNathani_
20:29 &lt;AvneeNathani_> So I'm interested in Mobile Web interface for PhenoTips..
20:29 &lt;AvneeNathani_> I have sent you an email regarding this
20:30 &lt;marta_> looking you up
20:30 &lt;marta_> ah, it was in the queue for answering tonight :)
20:31 &lt;camelia__> has joined #ccm
20:32 &lt;marta_> you do some interesting stuff :)
20:32 &lt;AvneeNathani> has joined #ccm
20:32 &lt;AvneeNathani> ok, great... I'll await your response on that :)
20:33 &lt;AvneeNathani> thanks marta..
20:33 &lt;marta_> do you have anything specific you wish to ask about? or just details in general?
20:34 &lt;AvneeNathani> well.. as mentioned in my email.. ,I wanted to know if you had any ideas for the Web UI that you wish to build
20:34 &lt;AvneeNathani> do you have a design already?
20:35 &lt;marta_> not a very well defined one, this is still in progress
20:36 &lt;AvneeNathani> ah ok...
20:36 &lt;marta_> one thing to note is that our users are more interested in having this work nicely on tablets, and less interested in phones
20:37 &lt;marta_> so, with a not so tiny screen, we have some more freedom
20:38 &lt;AvneeNathani> right... that's true. Tablets have more real estate for this
20:38 &lt;AvneeNathani> are there any specific resolutions that you are looking to target? even for tablets?
20:41 &lt;marta_> the most common screen size i've seen in our target group is the 10''
20:42 &lt;marta_> i don't remember any minis
20:42 &lt;AvneeNathani> 10 inch screens.. that's great..
20:44 &lt;marta_> I guess the most important part is the user interaction
20:44 &lt;marta_> right now it's a pain to click on tiny buttons on the touch screen
20:45 &lt;marta_> also, when doing a search, the keyboard doesn't quite leave enough space to see all the results properly
20:46 &lt;AvneeNathani> I see.. From what I saw in the demo page.. it had everything on one page - like for example, the form to add new patients is a long page with all those sections..
20:46 &lt;marta_> yes
20:46 &lt;AvneeNathani> For the search, yes the keypad would take almost half the screen.. Need to see how we can enable a smart search
20:47 &lt;AvneeNathani> May be the right thing here is to build the interface with the unnecessary stuff hidden but accessible (hidden in a different way)
20:47 &lt;marta_> indeed
20:48 &lt;AvneeNathani> For example, in the new form to add patients... unlike the desktop web interface, we may have tabs for different sections
20:48 &lt;AvneeNathani> there are many different paradigms for screen switching on mobile / tablets.. may  be we can leverage those
20:50 &lt;marta_> one thing to know is that our users really like to have the selection form (the long list on the left), the summary box (which is right next to it) and the diagnosis section (the one underneath those two) all close together on the same screen :)
20:50 &lt;marta_> oh, and the search box as well
20:50 &lt;marta_> i know it sounds impossible and we need to compromise
20:51 &lt;marta_> but we need to keep in mind that they have to be _very_ easily accessible
20:51 &lt;marta_> because they are all correlated and updated with every change made by the user
20:52 &lt;AvneeNathani> yes, the anchors on the right (like a Table of contents) are useful for navigation specially if we take a long page approach...
20:55 &lt;AvneeNathani> May be a right way to start this project... would be by designing few mockups of the layout... for the interface
20:57 &lt;AvneeNathani> once we have a design mockup acceptable... we can code it
21:00 &lt;AvneeNathani> does that sound like a decent approach marta_?
21:01 &lt;marta_> I think that, before the mockup, we should identify what works and what doesn't with the current UI (for desktop) when accessed from a tablet
21:02 &lt;marta_> figure out what are the most frustrating parts
21:03 &lt;marta_> this will help focus on what's important when doing the mockup
21:03 &lt;marta_> we need to know exactly what are the problems that we are trying to solve
21:04 &lt;AvneeNathani> yes, I agree.. we need to first evaluate the current design for the tablet...
21:05 &lt;AvneeNathani> right.. so first step: test the current UI on a tablet... to identify what are the most frustrating parts.. and define the problem
21:06 &lt;marta_> precisely :)
21:07 &lt;AvneeNathani> great.. I'll include this and allot time for this in my proposal
21:07 &lt;marta_> i have a list of problems already (identified by us -- the devs -- together with our users, but a fresh look wouldn't hurt
21:07 &lt;marta_> we can compare lists after you have done your research :)
21:08 &lt;AvneeNathani> yes!
21:08 &lt;AvneeNathani> How many users do you have for the desktop web interface, if I may ask?
21:09 &lt;AvneeNathani> just curious
21:12 &lt;marta_> we have this installed at a couple of hospitals, and we host 4 more instances on ccm servers for research projects; we have quite a lot of registered users, but I know that many of them are not active
21:12 &lt;marta_> i don't know if you're aware of this, but it turns out that doctors don;t really like computers :)
21:12 &lt;AvneeNathani> I can understand..
21:13 &lt;vshivam> has joined #ccm
21:13 &lt;marta_> that't why we have to work hard to make the software easy to use
21:14 &lt;AvneeNathani> so true :)
21:18 &lt;AvneeNathani> thanks marta for all the details.. I think I have some specs to start writing a proposal for the project
21:20 &lt;marta_> great, looking forward to seeing it
21:21 &lt;AvneeNathani> I'll keep you posted :) It was great to talk you!
21:21 &lt;AvneeNathani> bye for now
22:31 &lt;ravigarg27> has joined #ccm</content>
  <object>
    <name>IRC.ccmArchive20130419</name>
    <number>0</number>
    <className>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</className>
    <guid>6ad0e23e-07ff-4c6f-8c54-0a6044c12981</guid>
    <class>
      <name>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</name>
      <customClass />
      <customMapping />
      <defaultViewSheet />
      <defaultEditSheet />
      <defaultWeb />
      <nameField />
      <validationScript />
      <channel>
        <customDisplay />
        <disabled>0</disabled>
        <name>channel</name>
        <number>1</number>
        <picker>0</picker>
        <prettyName>Channel</prettyName>
        <size>30</size>
        <unmodifiable>0</unmodifiable>
        <validationMessage />
        <validationRegExp />
        <classType>com.xpn.xwiki.objects.classes.StringClass</classType>
      </channel>
    </class>
    <property>
      <channel>ccm</channel>
    </property>
  </object>
</xwikidoc>