<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<xwikidoc version="1.1">
  <web>IRC</web>
  <name>medsavantArchive20130605</name>
  <language />
  <defaultLanguage />
  <translation>0</translation>
  <creator>XWiki.sdumitriu</creator>
  <creationDate>1370410643000</creationDate>
  <parent>IRC.WebHome</parent>
  <author>XWiki.sdumitriu</author>
  <contentAuthor>XWiki.sdumitriu</contentAuthor>
  <date>1370464572000</date>
  <contentUpdateDate>1370464572000</contentUpdateDate>
  <version>1.74</version>
  <title>IRC Archive for channel #medsavant on 05 June 2013</title>
  <comment>Logging from IRC</comment>
  <minorEdit>true</minorEdit>
  <syntaxId>plain/1.0</syntaxId>
  <hidden>false</hidden>
  <content>&lt;sdumitriu> has joined #medsavant
01:55 &lt;sdumitriu> has joined #medsavant
02:49 &lt;sdumitriu> has joined #medsavant
10:09 &lt;mcupak> has joined #medsavant
10:31 &lt;phenotips_org> has joined #medsavant
10:44 &lt;sdumitriu> Hi mcupak
10:44 &lt;mcupak> sdumitriu: hi
10:45 &lt;sdumitriu> Do you know Maven?
10:46 &lt;mcupak> yeah, I've been using it for years
10:47 &lt;sdumitriu> OK, good
10:51 &lt;sdumitriu> You should start committing some small stuff
10:51 &lt;sdumitriu> Can you take care of https://github.com/compbio-UofT/medsavant/issues/14 ?
10:54 &lt;mcupak> sure
14:00 &lt;phenotips_org> has joined #medsavant
14:05 &lt;mfiume> has joined #medsavant
14:05 &lt;mfiume> here now
14:08 &lt;bvancea> hello marc
14:08 &lt;mfiume> hey is that bogdan
14:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
14:09 &lt;bvancea> yes, I am bogdan
14:09 &lt;sdumitriu1> bvancea: You didn't do the daily scrum lately...
14:09 &lt;sdumitriu1> What are you working on?
14:09 &lt;mfiume> hey bogdan! would you like to join the Google Hangout too? It's mostly just going to be an intro for Miro
14:09 &lt;bvancea> oh, sorry about that sdumitriu
14:10 &lt;bvancea> yes, I will, let me do the scrum now
14:10 &lt;bvancea> I've indexed a couple of variants on solr using the parser I have implmented
14:10 &lt;bvancea> and I've compared it with what variants I have imported in medsavant
14:10 &lt;bvancea> with the UI
14:11 &lt;bvancea> there's a lot more variants, apparently due to the DNA id
14:11 &lt;bvancea> now I want to use the parser in medsavant to extract the variants
14:11 &lt;bvancea> and index those
14:12 &lt;mfiume> miro, you around?
14:13 &lt;sdumitriu1> Misko's here, joining in a few minutes once he gets online
14:14 &lt;sdumitriu1> bvancea: OK, sounds good
14:14 &lt;sdumitriu1> Any trouble so far?
14:14 &lt;bvancea> not really
14:14 &lt;mcupak> mfiume: hey, yeah, ready when you are
14:15 &lt;bvancea> I find it hard to start with the TDD approach
14:15 &lt;bvancea> not really sure what tests to make before coding ;))
14:15 &lt;sdumitriu1> mfiume: Where's the hangout?
14:15 &lt;bvancea> I would like to join the hangout aswell
14:15 &lt;bvancea> :)
14:16 &lt;mfiume> ive added everyone
14:16 &lt;mfiume> via your gmail accounts
14:16 &lt;sdumitriu1> mfiume: I think you got the wrong Bogdan
14:16 &lt;mfiume> let me know if you dont get them
14:16 &lt;bvancea> my account is
14:16 &lt;mfiume> maybe, bogdan what's your gmail
14:16 &lt;bvancea> bogdan.aurel.vancea@gmail.com
14:17 &lt;sdumitriu1> mfiume: Didn't get
14:19 &lt;bvancea> I didn't get any invite
14:20 &lt;sdumitriu1> bvancea: Are you on GPlus?
14:20 &lt;mfiume> bogdan i just invited you
14:20 &lt;mfiume> you get it?
14:35 &lt;bvancea> I've just realized
14:35 &lt;bvancea> its so dark in my room -_-
15:59 &lt;bvancea> sdumitriu1, if I don't have any issue on github I'm working on, how should I set the message for the commits?
15:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> Make an issue
15:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> What exactly are you committing?
16:00 &lt;bvancea> the service that I use for Indexing
16:01 &lt;bvancea> its not integrated with medsavant, I just used the parser medsavant provides
16:04 &lt;bvancea> is it ok if I create an issue call "Add solr indexing" or something in those lines?
16:04 &lt;bvancea> or is that too generic
16:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> That is good for a meta-issue
16:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> But you should have more specific sub-issues
16:07 &lt;bvancea> how about, "Add Solr indexing support for variants"
16:09 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK
16:16 &lt;bvancea> thus far I've worked with an external solr server
16:16 &lt;bvancea> should I add a solr server to the distribution, like its done with phenotips
16:16 &lt;bvancea> ?
16:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> No
16:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> Keep it external
16:23 &lt;bvancea> okay
16:36 &lt;bvancea> has joined #medsavant</content>
  <object>
    <name>IRC.medsavantArchive20130605</name>
    <number>0</number>
    <className>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</className>
    <guid>f1f724f9-417c-4879-9867-ead08f54fe2e</guid>
    <class>
      <name>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</name>
      <customClass />
      <customMapping />
      <defaultViewSheet />
      <defaultEditSheet />
      <defaultWeb />
      <nameField />
      <validationScript />
      <channel>
        <customDisplay />
        <disabled>0</disabled>
        <name>channel</name>
        <number>1</number>
        <picker>0</picker>
        <prettyName>Channel</prettyName>
        <size>30</size>
        <unmodifiable>0</unmodifiable>
        <validationMessage />
        <validationRegExp />
        <classType>com.xpn.xwiki.objects.classes.StringClass</classType>
      </channel>
    </class>
    <property>
      <channel>medsavant</channel>
    </property>
  </object>
</xwikidoc>