<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<xwikidoc version="1.1">
  <web>IRC</web>
  <name>phenotipsArchive20130502</name>
  <language />
  <defaultLanguage />
  <translation>0</translation>
  <creator>XWiki.sdumitriu</creator>
  <creationDate>1367478883000</creationDate>
  <parent>IRC.WebHome</parent>
  <author>XWiki.sdumitriu</author>
  <contentAuthor>XWiki.sdumitriu</contentAuthor>
  <date>1367552493000</date>
  <contentUpdateDate>1367552493000</contentUpdateDate>
  <version>1.312</version>
  <title>IRC Archive for channel #phenotips on 02 May 2013</title>
  <comment>Logging from IRC</comment>
  <minorEdit>true</minorEdit>
  <syntaxId>plain/1.0</syntaxId>
  <hidden>false</hidden>
  <content>&lt;froggy> has quit
03:24 &lt;tishan> has joined #phenotips
03:30 &lt;tishan> Hi
06:25 &lt;sdumitriu> Hi
06:37 &lt;sdumitriu> tishan: Ping
06:47 &lt;tishan> has quit
07:06 &lt;tishan> has joined #phenotips
07:39 &lt;BogdanVancea> has quit
08:12 &lt;sdumitriu> Hey tishan
08:23 &lt;tishan> Hi
08:24 &lt;tishan> Sorry. I enabled beeps in case you contact. Yet I did not hear you :)
08:33 &lt;sdumitriu> Did you get my last email?
09:07 &lt;tishan> Yes. I went through it. Ill also go through resources you provided
09:08 &lt;tishan> So are we moving to a DVC just to facilitate those problems mentioned in problem statemment or is it a part on road map
09:13 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has joined #phenotips
09:15 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu: Hey
09:18 &lt;sdumitriu> Hey kushalkhandelwal
09:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Morning :)
09:19 &lt;sdumitriu> Been for a while
09:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> What plans for the day ?
09:19 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> In university ?
09:19 &lt;sdumitriu> Implement imperial units for measurements
09:20 &lt;sdumitriu> Not yet, about to leave
09:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hmm
09:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Nice
09:20 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> And I am onto Quantum Chemistry :D
09:20 &lt;sdumitriu> tishan: Improving the versioning system has been on XWiki's roadmap for a long time, but implementing repeat visits is a top priority for PhenoTips
09:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Repeat Visits
09:21 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So that we can keep the history of all visits
09:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> We discussed it once I guess
09:24 &lt;tishan> sdumitriu:Ok. got it. So we should be able to show each visit uniquely(only changes made in that visit) or show changes of that visit merged in to previous records. I think it is the option 2
09:25 &lt;sdumitriu> 2
09:25 &lt;sdumitriu> I mean, each visit can be seen as a state, and that state has to reflect the full evaluation of the patient
09:25 &lt;sdumitriu> But we must also be able to see how the patient evolves between visits
09:26 &lt;sdumitriu> So we need to be able to diff any two visits
09:26 &lt;sdumitriu> More complex, be able to see an animated timeline
09:26 &lt;tishan> so you said the purpose of viewing last visit is either to edit it or add new test results
09:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Viewing last visit so that we can see the changes
09:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> How the patient has progressed
09:27 &lt;tishan> and it will be always done by the creator of that particular visit
09:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> We should be able to see what are the current symptoms
09:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> As in the current clinical findings
09:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Which might have changed
09:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> tishan: Creator of that visit ?
09:28 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> If a patient visits a department , he can be followed up by a different doctor in the department
09:29 &lt;tishan> kushalkhandelwal: Rather reporter
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Anyone can add new findings
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> which would be new reort in the history
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> And when we compare the two visits we should be able to see what changed
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> something like when you do " git diff "
09:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> you see the change in your current branch
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> and the previous one
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu: That would be correct ?
09:30 &lt;tishan> kushalkhandelwal: yeah understand that :)
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> :)
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> tishan: You made your proposal ?
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Deadline is approaching fast
09:30 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I would suggest upload whatever you have made till now and keep changing till deadline
09:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Put a link to a google doc in your proposal
09:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> which can be edited
09:31 &lt;tishan> Ill compose it tonight.
09:31 &lt;tishan> Yeah. Ill post it today and keep it editing
09:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> :)
09:31 &lt;tishan> thanks for the head up
09:31 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Anytime :)
09:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> tishan: Which place ?
09:32 &lt;tishan> It is always great to keep something editable after deadline
09:32 &lt;tishan> last time I maintained a wiki
09:32 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yes its good , so you can add some more content
09:33 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> But I think it would be better if we make only minor changes and keep it close to what is on melange
09:33 &lt;tishan> yeah. thats why I am trying to clear doubts and bring up a good proposal
09:37 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Yep , all the best
09:37 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes, that is correct
09:37 &lt;sdumitriu> Another feature is "stamp of approval"
09:38 &lt;sdumitriu> Meaning that the head doctor (head as in chief, not as in doctor that looks at the head) can review the record and approve that all the data is correct
09:38 &lt;sdumitriu> That would translate into a signed tag
09:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hmm
09:39 &lt;sdumitriu> Going to the lab, ttyl
09:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> So we need a record review system
09:39 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ok
09:39 &lt;tishan> ok.cya
09:57 &lt;sdumitriu1> has joined #phenotips
10:57 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> sdumitriu1: Hey
10:58 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hey
10:58 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> We were talking about the idea
10:58 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> You were telling about stamp of approval
10:58 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yep
10:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> But that's a bit complex right now
10:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> We need to wait for several changes in the XWiki platform
11:00 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hm
11:00 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Will try my hands on XWiki this summer
11:01 &lt;tishan> What is the xwiki version we are using. They recently release 5.0
11:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> 4.5.3
11:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> 5.0 final hasn't been released yet, might happen tomorrow
11:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Hmm
11:03 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> We will upgrade ?
11:03 &lt;tishan> is it? Just said coz I noticed a mail with subject line 5.0 release some days back. May be they hit some bugs then
11:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> That was a thread about discussing the release
11:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> There were some problems with the 5.0 development
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> Some refactorings that were needed, but broke some features
11:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> So the stabilization took longer than expected
11:05 &lt;tishan> ok
11:06 &lt;sdumitriu1> tishan: Do you know Asiri Rathnayake?
11:06 &lt;tishan> sdumitri1: Yes. He taught OS module for us at University? How do you know him?
11:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> Well, he was a GSoC student and then mentor for XWiki
11:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> I'm the org admin for XWiki
11:09 &lt;tishan> Ah.. I did not knew that. I also peeped into XWiki for this summer. But didnt find interesting deliverable idea
11:11 &lt;tishan> sdumitriu1: So in this idea I have implement both backend and front end.
11:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
11:12 &lt;tishan> Ans also maintain a generic interface between two
11:12 &lt;sdumitriu1> (I'm reading your email)
11:13 &lt;tishan> Great. replying to that will be easy
11:19 &lt;tishan> sdumitril: I will be afk for a while. out for dinner.
11:22 &lt;sdumitriu1> Me too, meeting
11:55 &lt;qwebirc28054> has quit
12:19 &lt;mfiume> has quit
12:22 &lt;mfiume1> has quit
12:23 &lt;mfiume> is now known as &lt;mfiume1>
12:23 &lt;mfiume1> is now known as &lt;mfiume>
13:51 &lt;roque> has quit
13:52 &lt;khodeir> has joined #phenotips
14:14 &lt;khodeir> has quit
14:20 &lt;phenotips_org> has joined #phenotips
15:21 &lt;krinye> has quit
16:03 &lt;tishan> sdumitriu1: Hi
16:03 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hi
16:04 &lt;tishan> Did you had time to read the mail
16:04 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes, but not to answer
16:05 &lt;tishan> ok
16:05 &lt;tishan> Still at university?
16:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
16:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> Let me answer quickly
16:05 &lt;tishan> Its ok. take your time :)
16:18 &lt;sdumitriu1> Sent
16:18 &lt;tishan> Thanks I will take a look
16:26 &lt;tishan> Hi
16:27 &lt;tishan> sdumitriu1: Hi
16:29 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hi again
16:29 &lt;tishan> free enough to answer few more questions? :)
16:29 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
16:30 &lt;tishan> So the deliverable of this project would be
16:30 &lt;tishan> 1. UI supporting multiple visits
16:30 &lt;tishan> 2. redesigned backend API
16:31 &lt;tishan> 3. versioning backend implementation
16:31 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
16:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> Are you good at UI design?
16:32 &lt;sdumitriu1> How about frontend technologies: JS, CSS, HTML?
16:32 &lt;tishan> I am good at it
16:32 &lt;tishan> able to develop a UI
16:33 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK
16:33 &lt;tishan> recently I came across twitter bootstrap
16:33 &lt;sdumitriu1> Anyway, you're not going to be alone
16:33 &lt;tishan> its a nice way to design UIs
16:34 &lt;tishan> http://twitter.github.io/bootstrap/
16:34 &lt;tishan> I s kushalkhandewall also doing this
16:35 &lt;sdumitriu1> Well, I'm not sure that's needed
16:35 &lt;sdumitriu1> You're going to have to integrate that into the existing UI of PhenoTips
16:35 &lt;sdumitriu1> Switching to Bootstrap is a big project on its own
16:36 &lt;tishan> yeah understood
16:39 &lt;tishan> Still I could not figure out facilitating "no way of updating a previous visit"
16:40 &lt;sdumitriu1> So, the way this works is:
16:40 &lt;sdumitriu1> Creating a new patient = create a new git repo
16:40 &lt;sdumitriu1> With onle one branch
16:40 &lt;sdumitriu1> Updating = commit on the current branch
16:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> Starting a new visit = create a new branch from the tip of the latest visit
16:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> Opening a previous visit = switching to that branch
16:41 &lt;sdumitriu1> Updating a previous visit = committing on that branch
16:42 &lt;sdumitriu1> Got it?
16:43 &lt;tishan> After updating a branch it should always merged to trunk
16:43 &lt;tishan> yeah got it
16:43 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes, but not always
16:43 &lt;sdumitriu1> It would be better to ask the user for confirmation
16:44 &lt;tishan> yeah
16:45 &lt;tishan> Should there be a functionality to search a given visit
16:46 &lt;sdumitriu1> WDYM search?
16:47 &lt;tishan> Doctor/nurse needs to find his/her previous visit in order to add some test results
16:48 &lt;tishan> Since we cant show all visits of the history through that tab pane
16:48 &lt;tishan> what is the mechanism there
16:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm, maybe
16:48 &lt;sdumitriu1> But that's not a priority
16:49 &lt;tishan> Assumption: Users will not update very old records. ;)
16:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> Correct
16:50 &lt;sdumitriu1> And I don't expect to have that many records...
16:52 &lt;tishan> We have to use named branches with naming convention to facilitate switching to the relevant branch
16:52 &lt;sdumitriu1> Yes
16:54 &lt;tishan> We have to focus very much on backend API also. Much effort will be needed to design that
16:57 &lt;tishan> btw I have some building issues
16:58 &lt;sdumitriu1> What's wrong?
16:58 &lt;tishan&gt; build stop at Application interface 1.0
16:59 &lt;tishan> it cant download jar lucene-analyzers-common/4.0.0/lucene-analyzers-common-4.0.0.jar
16:59 &lt;tishan> I retried for several times
16:59 &lt;sdumitriu1> Hm...
16:59 &lt;tishan> tried -U
17:00 &lt;tishan> it stops at the same spot 458 KB
17:00 &lt;sdumitriu1> Checking
17:01 &lt;sdumitriu1> Works for me
17:01 &lt;tishan> I checked automated builds
17:01 &lt;tishan> they are working also
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> Could it be a limit on your internet connection?
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> Can you manually download http://nexus.cs.toronto.edu/nexus/content/groups/public/org/apache/lucene/lucene-analyzers-common/4.0.0/lucene-analyzers-common-4.0.0.jar ?
17:02 &lt;tishan> guessed that
17:02 &lt;sdumitriu1> Or http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/lucene/lucene-analyzers-common/4.0.0/lucene-analyzers-common-4.0.0.jar
17:04 &lt;tishan> I think it is some connection issue coz I could not even download M5 pack
17:05 &lt;sdumitriu1> The second link doesn't work either?
17:05 &lt;tishan> but I can download content from other places. Morning I downloaded a video of 200MB.
17:05 &lt;krinye> has quit
17:05 &lt;BogdanVancea> has quit
17:06 &lt;tishan> waiting on second link
17:07 &lt;tishan> It is also halted at the same place. 410 KB
17:07 &lt;sdumitriu1> I can download from Europe as well, so it's definitely on your side
17:08 &lt;tishan> :(
17:09 &lt;tishan> I checked with reconnected connection, restarted machine
17:09 &lt;tishan> Ill try to check with an ADSL connection tommorow
17:10 &lt;vshivam> has quit
17:10 &lt;krinye> has quit
17:12 &lt;tishan&gt; I am gonna go out now. Its around 3 am here
17:13 &lt;tishan> I'll compose a proposal by the time you wake tomorrow
17:17 &lt;sdumitriu1> OK
17:17 &lt;sdumitriu1> Have a good night
17:17 &lt;tishan> Good evening for you I suppose :)
17:21 &lt;tishan> has quit
18:08 &lt;sdumitriu1> has quit
20:22 &lt;phenotips_org> has joined #phenotips
20:22 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Done with imperial units ?
20:22 &lt;sdumitriu> Good morning
20:22 &lt;sdumitriu> Nope, not a single line of code today...
20:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Oh
20:23 &lt;kushalkhandelwal&gt; why so ?
20:24 &lt;sdumitriu> Students, meetings...
20:25 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Oh
20:26 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> I slept early last night :\
20:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Slept while studying
20:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> on my desk :P
20:27 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Couldn't work on any issue
20:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Few hours more for application
20:29 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Should I remove my personal details from application ?? My address and phone no ?
20:30 &lt;sdumitriu> No
20:34 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> Ok
22:01 &lt;Krinye> has quit
22:09 &lt;kushalkhandelwal> has quit
22:37 &lt;ravigarg27> has quit
23:08 &lt;Natasha> has joined #phenotips
23:23 &lt;sdumitriu> Hey Natasha
23:26 &lt;Natasha> Hi Sergiu
23:26 &lt;Natasha> are there any news ?
23:26 &lt;sdumitriu> Sorry for delaying with that email
23:26 &lt;sdumitriu> We've all been terribly busy
23:27 &lt;Natasha> It is fine ... I understand
23:27 &lt;sdumitriu> Unfortunately our collaborators don't have any projects
23:27 &lt;Natasha> But the deadline for the application is tomorrow noon
23:27 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes, I'll let you edit it after that for a few days
23:27 &lt;Natasha> So Phenotips won't be part od GSoC 2013 ?
23:27 &lt;sdumitriu> It is
23:29 &lt;sdumitriu> So, you're OK with the "Real-time collection of clinical data on patients with genetic disorders using various medical ontologies" project?
23:30 &lt;Natasha> Yes I am, and I would like to work on if it is ok with you
23:30 &lt;sdumitriu> Sure
23:30 &lt;Natasha> so the current ontology should be extended with ICD-10 ?
23:30 &lt;Natasha> are there any parts of the project that should be fulfilled ?
23:31 &lt;Natasha> Can I write timeline according to the description given about the project, and send it to you, so you can check ?
23:31 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
23:31 &lt;Natasha> should this timeline be permanent, or we can change it afterwards ?
23:31 &lt;sdumitriu> It will definitely change
23:32 &lt;Natasha> ok
23:32 &lt;sdumitriu> I mean, nothing ever goes exactly as planned
23:32 &lt;Natasha> and whom should I send my application ?
23:32 &lt;sdumitriu> Through http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/homepage/google/gsoc2013
23:33 &lt;Natasha> yes, that is true, but it is a part from the application I have to fulfill
23:33 &lt;Natasha> thank you
23:33 &lt;Natasha> then, I will add that part, and I will try to send you the application later tonight, so you can check tomorrow morning if that is ok with you
23:34 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
23:34 &lt;Natasha> do you have any suggestions about the application ?
23:34 &lt;Natasha> are there any things it is good for me to mention ?
23:34 &lt;sdumitriu> Well, the more details there are in the architecture and timeline, the better
23:35 &lt;sdumitriu> Oh, about the empty database
23:35 &lt;Natasha> yes ?
23:35 &lt;sdumitriu> You're supposed to log in with:
23:35 &lt;sdumitriu> username: Admin
23:35 &lt;sdumitriu> password: admin
23:35 &lt;sdumitriu> (both case sensitive)
23:35 &lt;Natasha> thank you
23:35 &lt;Natasha> i will try them
23:36 &lt;Natasha> i don't want to bother you anymore
23:36 &lt;Natasha> i will finish the application and send it to you
23:36 &lt;sdumitriu> Don't worry, you're not bothering me
23:36 &lt;sdumitriu> It's my fault for keeping you waiting
23:36 &lt;Natasha> don't worry about that
23:36 &lt;Natasha> is there a way how can I help ?
23:37 &lt;Natasha> with some ideas, or to read about some other ontologies or impelemntations ?
23:37 &lt;sdumitriu> Well, part of the selection will be to fix one or two easy issues from https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/issues?labels=easy
23:37 &lt;sdumitriu> But you'll need my help
23:38 &lt;sdumitriu> Are you busy in the following days?
23:38 &lt;sdumitriu> Any exams left?
23:38 &lt;Natasha> one more tomorrow, but afterwards I am available
23:38 &lt;Natasha> my summer break starts :)
23:39 &lt;sdumitriu> OK, good
23:39 &lt;sdumitriu> You should hang around the channel more after the exam
23:39 &lt;Natasha> I am sorry I didn't was online this week, but I had some issues with MIRC
23:39 &lt;Natasha> yes, now I will be online more often
23:39 &lt;sdumitriu> OK, it's late, I'm going to sleep
23:40 &lt;Natasha> so, please, just let me know when you have time so you can help me to start
23:40 &lt;sdumitriu> Yep
23:40 &lt;Natasha> ok
23:40 &lt;Natasha> good night then :)
23:40 &lt;sdumitriu> https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/tree/master/components/solr-access-service is the current component that deals with searching the ontologies
23:40 &lt;sdumitriu> Pluggin into https://github.com/compbio-UofT/phenotips/tree/master/resources/solr-configuration
23:41 &lt;Natasha> ok
23:41 &lt;sdumitriu> Good night
23:41 &lt;Natasha> i will give a look today
23:41 &lt;Natasha> thank you
23:41 &lt;Natasha> good night</content>
  <object>
    <name>IRC.phenotipsArchive20130502</name>
    <number>0</number>
    <className>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</className>
    <guid>9f0e7ed8-b3d1-4cb5-93fb-ee2edc1bd701</guid>
    <class>
      <name>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</name>
      <customClass />
      <customMapping />
      <defaultViewSheet />
      <defaultEditSheet />
      <defaultWeb />
      <nameField />
      <validationScript />
      <channel>
        <customDisplay />
        <disabled>0</disabled>
        <name>channel</name>
        <number>1</number>
        <picker>0</picker>
        <prettyName>Channel</prettyName>
        <size>30</size>
        <unmodifiable>0</unmodifiable>
        <validationMessage />
        <validationRegExp />
        <classType>com.xpn.xwiki.objects.classes.StringClass</classType>
      </channel>
    </class>
    <property>
      <channel>phenotips</channel>
    </property>
  </object>
</xwikidoc>