<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<xwikidoc version="1.1">
  <web>IRC</web>
  <name>phenotipsArchive20140317</name>
  <language />
  <defaultLanguage />
  <translation>0</translation>
  <creator>XWiki.sdumitriu</creator>
  <creationDate>1395028931000</creationDate>
  <parent>IRC.WebHome</parent>
  <author>XWiki.sdumitriu</author>
  <contentAuthor>XWiki.sdumitriu</contentAuthor>
  <date>1395107033000</date>
  <contentUpdateDate>1395107033000</contentUpdateDate>
  <version>1.228</version>
  <title>IRC Archive for channel #phenotips on 17 March 2014</title>
  <comment>Logging from IRC</comment>
  <minorEdit>true</minorEdit>
  <syntaxId>plain/1.0</syntaxId>
  <hidden>false</hidden>
  <content>&lt;sdumitriu> has quit
01:15 &lt;sdumitriu> has joined #phenotips
01:17 &lt;sdumitriu1> has joined #phenotips
01:17 &lt;sdumitriu1> has quit
01:19 &lt;sdumitriu> has quit
08:23 &lt;winter_flower> has quit
12:03 &lt;s37syed> has quit
12:03 &lt;akats> has joined #phenotips
12:08 &lt;sdumitriu_[Away]&gt; has quit
12:08 &lt;sdumitriu> has joined #phenotips
12:33 &lt;akats> Is it safe to cast ExecutionContext to XWikiContext?
12:34 &lt;sdumitriu> No
12:34 &lt;sdumitriu> They're completely different
12:37 &lt;akats> Is it safe to do this (XWikiContext) this.execution.getContext().getProperty("xwikicontext"); ?
12:38 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
12:39 &lt;akats> Thanks, that's the one I was vaguely remembering
13:12 &lt;SayAsh> has joined #phenotips
14:31 &lt;nclandrei> has joined #phenotips
14:31 &lt;nclandrei> hi everyone
14:31 &lt;sdumitriu> Hi nclandrei
14:31 &lt;nclandrei> how are things going?
14:32 &lt;sdumitriu> A little better
14:32 &lt;nclandrei> for me too, I've taken a break from homeworks this week (-:
14:32 &lt;nclandrei> now I can finish the project part from my proposal as well
14:32 &lt;nclandrei> and I can send you a complete draft
14:32 &lt;nclandrei> is it alright?
14:33 &lt;sdumitriu> Yep
14:33 &lt;nclandrei> one more question for now
14:33 &lt;nclandrei> how would you think it would be best to divide my schedule? like on months, from 2 to 2 weeks?
14:34 &lt;nclandrei> because I would like to assign tasks for regular periods of time and I don't know how concise should it be
14:34 &lt;sdumitriu> 2w
14:34 &lt;nclandrei> okay
14:36 &lt;nclandrei> how many people are also applying to this specific project, if I may ask?
14:36 &lt;sdumitriu> You
14:36 &lt;sdumitriu> (so far)
14:36 &lt;nclandrei> awesome.. for me this is good news haha
14:38 &lt;nclandrei> thank you, I shall go back to work
14:39 &lt;nclandrei> however, I will hang around here, if you want to ask me any question I will come back right away
14:39 &lt;sdumitriu> How's the bugfix going?
14:56 &lt;SayAsh> has quit
15:45 &lt;nclandrei> so sorry for being late with the reply
15:45 &lt;bvancea> has joined #phenotips
15:45 &lt;nclandrei> I have looked at another bug, Rename "Company" to "Institution" in the user profile #801, posted by you and I have identified the problem
15:45 &lt;nclandrei> and did the necessary changes
15:45 &lt;nclandrei> should I commit them on git?
15:47 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
15:47 &lt;nclandrei> okay awesome
15:47 &lt;sdumitriu> Then make a pull request
15:48 &lt;nclandrei> okay
15:49 &lt;sdumitriu> Hey bvancea
15:49 &lt;bvancea> hey sdumitriu
15:50 &lt;bvancea> thanks for the feedback on the application
15:50 &lt;sdumitriu> You'll get an email in a few seconds
15:50 &lt;bvancea> ah
15:50 &lt;bvancea&gt; okay
15:50 &lt;sdumitriu> Sent
15:51 &lt;bvancea> Hmmm...
15:51 &lt;bvancea> password reset request, link not working
16:04 &lt;nclandrei> I have just made a pull request
16:14 &lt;nclandrei> did it work?
16:15 &lt;sdumitriu> Didn't receive it...
16:18 &lt;nclandrei> do the commits at least appear there?
16:20 &lt;sdumitriu> Can't find anything
16:21 &lt;nclandrei> just a second, I'll redo it
16:30 &lt;akats> sdumitriu: are we following your suggestion on splitting the name into last and first (in the json)?
16:31 &lt;sdumitriu> No
16:44 &lt;nclandrei> so I am trying now
16:44 &lt;nclandrei> to put my local branch where I did the changes
16:44 &lt;nclandrei> to git
16:45 &lt;nclandrei> with git push origin iss801 ( that is how I named my branch)
16:45 &lt;nclandrei> and I don't have access
16:45 &lt;nclandrei> am I doing something stupid?
16:45 &lt;sdumitriu> Where are you trying to push?
16:45 &lt;sdumitriu> git remote -v
16:47 &lt;bvancea> nclandrei, you need a fork of the phenotips repo
16:48 &lt;bvancea> seems you might be trying to push directly to the main repository
16:48 &lt;bvancea> I assume that because the github user nclandrei has no fork of phenotips on his profile
16:50 &lt;nclandrei> okay
16:51 &lt;nclandrei> thanks
16:51 &lt;bvancea> yw
16:51 &lt;bvancea> let me know if you need more help :)
16:55 &lt;nclandrei> so I need to fork it, then just clone the fork on my computer, change what I have to change, commit my changes and then what should I do? push my changes to my forked repo?
16:55 &lt;nclandrei> and after that how can I finish the actual pull request?
16:56 &lt;bvancea> hmm, well if you have your clone, you can just add the fork on github as a remote
16:56 &lt;bvancea> and push to it
16:56 &lt;bvancea> like, if you're in the github repo where you did your commits
16:57 &lt;bvancea> git remote add my-fork &lt;url-to-your-fork-on-github>
16:57 &lt;bvancea> then git push my-fork iss801
16:57 &lt;bvancea> once you have your commits on your fork, the github menu will allow you to do a pull request
16:58 &lt;nclandrei> okay awesome
16:58 &lt;nclandrei> understood it now
16:58 &lt;nclandrei> thank you
16:58 &lt;nclandrei> you are also applying for phenotips? :)
16:58 &lt;bvancea> yes :)
16:59 &lt;nclandrei> awesome
16:59 &lt;nclandrei> :D
16:59 &lt;nclandrei> nice to meet you
17:00 &lt;bvancea> nice to meet you too :)
17:21 &lt;nclandrei> now I finished it
17:22 &lt;nclandrei> and sorry for leaving my branch named master in the end
17:28 &lt;nclandrei> has quit
17:57 &lt;mcupak> has quit
18:06 &lt;pritham> has quit
18:17 &lt;pritham> has quit
18:23 &lt;ruthgrace_> has quit
18:25 &lt;akats> has quit
18:29 &lt;bvancea> has quit
18:30 &lt;nclandrei> has joined #phenotips
18:30 &lt;nclandrei> sorry, we had wifi problems
18:30 &lt;sdumitriu> nclandrei: Good, you're back
18:30 &lt;nclandrei> yes
18:31 &lt;nclandrei> sorry
18:37 &lt;nclandrei_> has joined #phenotips
18:39 &lt;nclandrei> has quit
18:44 &lt;nclandrei_> I am still here
18:44 &lt;nclandrei_> I told you, I am sorry, we are experiencing some wi fi problems out here
19:16 &lt;nclandrei_> sdumitriu, are you still here?
19:16 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
19:16 &lt;sdumitriu> Busy with something, will get back to you in a few minutes
19:16 &lt;sdumitriu&gt; Btw, the pull request isn't correct
19:16 &lt;sdumitriu> Read the issue description
19:20 &lt;nclandrei_> ok
19:20 &lt;sdumitriu> Ok, so
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu> The issue said that it should only be a translation thing
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu> Since changing
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu> "company" is harder
19:21 &lt;sdumitriu> That field is defined in the XWiki code, and we prefer not to override too many XWiki things
19:23 &lt;sdumitriu> Changing the header (the things you changed in the Skin document) is also not relevant, that's how the main logo is displayed and has nothing to do with the user's institution
19:26 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
19:27 &lt;nclandrei_> so I should work on the Admin file?
19:27 &lt;sdumitriu> Nope
19:27 &lt;sdumitriu> That one shouldn't change either
19:27 &lt;sdumitriu> That's just an instance of a user
19:28 &lt;sdumitriu> Where would translations be defined, I wonder...
19:29 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
19:29 &lt;nclandrei_> so I need to look in the translations.xml file?
19:29 &lt;nclandrei_> haha
19:29 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
19:31 &lt;nclandrei_> okay then
19:31 &lt;nclandrei_> thank you
19:31 &lt;tweety098> has quit
19:37 &lt;nclandrei_> so it should become just a translation from company
19:37 &lt;nclandrei_> to institution
19:37 &lt;nclandrei_> for the admin
19:37 &lt;nclandrei_> ?
19:43 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
19:51 &lt;nclandrei_> done
19:51 &lt;nclandrei_> :-D
20:25 &lt;nclandrei_> sdumitriu, I kind of have an idea
20:27 &lt;nclandrei_> so eventually I thought that we might need something related to git( as you also proposed as a tip to use jgit)
20:27 &lt;nclandrei_> http://www.michaelfcollins3.me/blog/2012/05/18/implementing-a-git-http-server.html
20:27 &lt;nclandrei_> here is an aricle related to a possible implementation of a git server
20:27 &lt;nclandrei_> could we somehow take this approach
20:28 &lt;nclandrei_> modify it and make it suitable to our needs?
20:31 &lt;nairboon> has quit
20:44 &lt;nclandrei_> sdumitriu, can you please reply to this question I asked you? because I wanted to go to sleep but I am too curious to leave without getting some feedback haha
20:44 &lt;sdumitriu> nclandrei_: Sorry, I was away for a while
20:44 &lt;nclandrei_> no problem
20:45 &lt;sdumitriu> Reading that article
20:52 &lt;sdumitriu> I don't think that's relevant
20:53 &lt;sdumitriu> Let's start from scratch
20:54 &lt;sdumitriu> So, tell me in a few phrases what is this project trying to accomplish
20:54 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
20:54 &lt;nclandrei_> so
20:56 &lt;nclandrei_> what it actually tries to accomplish is to make the history of a patient's record editable and not just a linear history
20:56 &lt;nclandrei_> so as we have the record history published
20:56 &lt;nclandrei_> we want to allow the users to see the previous "commits", the previous changes brought to the record
20:56 &lt;nclandrei_> and maybe even edit them, if they want to
20:57 &lt;nclandrei_> and we would also like to add some sort of id for every visit, as we want them available and editable
20:57 &lt;nclandrei_> right?
20:57 &lt;sdumitriu> Almost
20:57 &lt;sdumitriu> The first step is that the current history is too verbose
20:58 &lt;sdumitriu> It doesn't make it easy for the user to understand what happened
20:59 &lt;nclandrei_> okay..
20:59 &lt;sdumitriu> So the first step is to make it easy to see when were changes done to the patient record, with a selectable granularity
21:00 &lt;nclandrei_> okay, good
21:01 &lt;sdumitriu> So while right now it shows a bunch of versions without any description, it would be better to not see "autosaves" for example, and see "Edited by Patch Adams on February 29th (updates in Measurements and Family History)"
21:03 &lt;sdumitriu> Then if the user wants to see more details he could "expand" the history
21:03 &lt;sdumitriu> And see individual changes
21:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Next step is to be able to create "snapshots" of the patient record
21:04 &lt;sdumitriu> These snapshots correspond to visits
21:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Actually no
21:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Some of these snapshots correspond to visits
21:04 &lt;sdumitriu> Other snapshots correspond to "validated" records
21:06 &lt;allasm> has quit
21:07 &lt;sdumitriu> So when the big doctor comes and checks the patient record, he can "sign" it
21:07 &lt;nclandrei_> mhm
21:07 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
21:09 &lt;sdumitriu> Visits are another usecase
21:11 &lt;sdumitriu> Instead of simply editing the patient record, the user can create a "fork" in the history, so that the current state of the patient record is preserved for future reference, and all new changes will only be visible in the new visit
21:12 &lt;sdumitriu> Normally users shouldn't want to edit the previous visits
21:12 &lt;sdumitriu> But they do want to view the past states
21:12 &lt;nclandrei_> yes, true
21:13 &lt;sdumitriu> And occasionally they will want to edit past visits, not so much as to enter new data, but to correct mistakes
21:13 &lt;sdumitriu> A valid scenario is custom symptoms not found in the HPO (which we call "term requests"), which could be switched to the new official terms once they're added to HPO
21:15 &lt;sdumitriu> Another usecase isn't related to what users do, but what the backend does: drafts
21:21 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
21:21 &lt;sdumitriu> Drafts mean that while a user is editing and autosave kicks in, the data shouldn't be permanently saved
21:21 &lt;nclandrei_> yes
21:22 &lt;sdumitriu> So when another user comes and checks the patient record, partial data isn't shown, but the previous state
21:22 &lt;sdumitriu> Only when the user explicitly presses save will the document be saved
21:22 &lt;nclandrei_> yes yes
21:23 &lt;nclandrei_> I have started looking at some JGit projects, how it would be implemented
21:23 &lt;sdumitriu> But if he somehow exits without saving and opens the same patient again, he'll be promted "resume previous editing session from two days ago?"
21:23 &lt;nclandrei_> could* actually
21:23 &lt;nclandrei_> oooh
21:24 &lt;nclandrei_> don't we need for this a way to extensive history?
21:24 &lt;nclandrei_> because this can happen to multiple patients as well
21:24 &lt;nclandrei_> like he/ she can start editing 10 patients
21:24 &lt;nclandrei_> and not save for any of them
21:24 &lt;nclandrei_> we need to have some sort of backup for these situations
21:24 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes, that's possible
21:25 &lt;nclandrei_> this is nice
21:25 &lt;sdumitriu> So, the way to accomplish that is by replacing the versioning backend
21:26 &lt;sdumitriu> It doesn't have to be a server, all the data is local
21:26 &lt;nclandrei_> okay
21:33 &lt;nclandrei_> so this would be the main plan?
21:34 &lt;sdumitriu> Yes
21:34 &lt;sdumitriu> That's the user's perspective
21:34 &lt;sdumitriu> Now it's your turn to come up with an implementation plan
21:36 &lt;nclandrei_> thank you
21:36 &lt;nclandrei_> I think I should go to sleep
21:36 &lt;nclandrei_> I'll talk to you tomorrow
21:36 &lt;nclandrei_> thanks for all the support
21:38 &lt;sdumitriu> You're welcome
21:39 &lt;nclandrei_> have a good night
21:40 &lt;sdumitriu> You too
21:43 &lt;nclandrei_> has quit</content>
  <object>
    <name>IRC.phenotipsArchive20140317</name>
    <number>0</number>
    <className>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</className>
    <guid>168d7409-b608-47b8-9b72-49e4cbdd6353</guid>
    <class>
      <name>IRC.IRCBotArchiveClass</name>
      <customClass />
      <customMapping />
      <defaultViewSheet />
      <defaultEditSheet />
      <defaultWeb />
      <nameField />
      <validationScript />
      <channel>
        <customDisplay />
        <disabled>0</disabled>
        <name>channel</name>
        <number>1</number>
        <picker>0</picker>
        <prettyName>Channel</prettyName>
        <size>30</size>
        <unmodifiable>0</unmodifiable>
        <validationMessage />
        <validationRegExp />
        <classType>com.xpn.xwiki.objects.classes.StringClass</classType>
      </channel>
    </class>
    <property>
      <channel>phenotips</channel>
    </property>
  </object>
</xwikidoc>